The RCEP confirmed that it will focus on negotiations so that a ministerial meeting will be held in Tokyo on July 1 and a summit meeting will be held in Singapore in late November for the conclusion.
Fukushima, July 29 Jiji Press. Some facilities in Fukushima Prefecture have resumed normal operations, including the J-Village, a national football center used for more than seven years as a base for responding to the March 2011 nuclear disaster.
Evacuation advice and evacuation orders have been issued to Hiroshima City and many residents in the affected areas of heavy rain since this month.
In accordance with the outline, the Peace Declaration calls for the establishment of nuclear-free security for nuclear-armed states and others, while calling for the tragedy of the atomic bombings and the inhumanity of nuclear weapons.
The percentage of men smoking fell 0.4 points to 27.8%, and women fell 0.3 points to 8.7%, both of which hit record lows.
The Japan Maritime Self-Defense Force will launch another Aegis ship in 2019, and the Japan Maritime Self-Defense Force will have eight Aegis ships in 211.
Berlin, July 29 Berlin Current Affairs - Japan ranked second in the men's junior category at the Barna International Ballet Competition, one of the three largest ballet competitions in the world.
In the Korean Peninsula situation, ministers expressed their welcome to the inter-Korean summit in April and the U.S.-North Korea summit in June and called for continued efforts to realize the denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula.
New job openings by industry, up 4.0% year-on-year, up 3.8% in health and welfare, and up 3.5% in manufacturing, including automakers.
On the other hand, information communications decreased by 11.2% and lodging and food service decreased by 3.2%.
The shipment index fell 0.2% to 101.3 due to a drop in shipments of petroleum and coal products at periodic inspections at oil refineries.
While the Bank of Japan (BOJ) will leave the negative interest rate policy of applying minus 0.1% to current accounts held by financial institutions to the BOJ unchanged, it will reduce the target of negative interest rates from the current 10 trillion yen to around 5 trillion yen.
Tokyo, July 31. Jiji Press reported on Tuesday that prosecutors voluntarily interviewed around 10 senior MEXT officials in a corruption case involving them.
According to sources, the 000 suspects are also thought to have attracted multiple Ministry of Education executives such as former Sports Agency executives to the 0000 suspects.
There is a proposal to use plutonium owned by TEPCO Holdings, which has difficulty restarting its nuclear power plants due to the suspension of operations, at other companies' nuclear power plants.
Of this, 2,059 domestic investment companies and 867 overseas investment companies responded.
Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga said at a press conference on Wednesday, "The government will accelerate preparations for the ceremony associated with the succession of the Imperial Throne and make sure that it is prepared to be carried out unhindered."
The difference between domestic lending and deposit interest rates was reduced by four out of the five companies, excluding Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Holdings.
Tokyo, Aug. 2, Jiji Press - Damage from special scams such as bank transfer fraud in the country fell by 7.1% for the fourth consecutive year to 17.49 billion yen on Thursday, according to the National Police's interim figures.
The National Police Agency pointed out that although the overall number has been reduced due to a sharp decrease in refund scams, the number of “wholesome” scams has increased and the situation continues to be extremely serious.
Toshiba said it would not change its previous forecast as the full-year forecast for the fiscal year ended March 2019 had already factored in a reversal.
Singapore, August 2, Singapore Current Affairs - Foreign Minister Taro Kono and South Korean Foreign Minister Kang Kyung-wa on Thursday confirmed close cooperation between Japan and South Korea and the three U.S., Japan and South Korea for denuclearization of North Korea.
While Kono expressed concern about the situation in the South China Sea, where China is moving to become a military base, Wang expressed his view that he is moving in a stable direction.
Higashimatsushima, Miyagi Prefecture, August 2 ^ Jiji Press Prime Minister Shinzo Abe on Thursday said that the government will complete the relocation to public housing by FY2020 for the victims of the March 2011 disaster in Iwate and Miyagi prefectures.
The June single-month trade deficit with Japan fell 3.4% to $5.3 billion for the third consecutive month of losses.
Singapore, August 3, Singapore Current Affairs - Foreign Minister Taro Kono had a short conversation with North Korean Foreign Minister Li Yong Ho in Singapore on Friday night.
The judge dismissed the defense's claim that the third-party DNA type detected in adhesive tape attached to the girl's body was the true culprit, judging that it could be mixed in the fingerprint detection work.
Of those who did not evacuate, more than 80% said they did not feel the urgency of evacuating or thought their homes were OK.
Some members pointed out that side effects of the BOJ's large-scale purchases of JGBs on the liquidity and functions of the JGB market have become apparent in various ways.
With information on records, the Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare dispatched officials to Mongolia in June to confirm that records exist.
Records of criminal trials will be kept by the district public prosecutors responsible for the first trial for up to 100 years. || However, records other than the ruling are often disposed of after this storage period.
Rishiri, Hokkaido, August 4. ^ Current Affairs. Emperor Akihito and Empress Michiko, who were visiting Hokkaido for three days from Friday, were the first Japanese Prime Minister to visit Rishiri Island on Saturday.
On behalf of the organizer, Mr. Harumi Takahashi, Governor of Hokkaido, said, "We will take pride in the diverse values and attractiveness that our predecessors have honed over the years, and pass on the irreplaceable Furusato and Hokkaido to the generation 50 years from now, 100 years from now."
Singapore, August 5, Singapore Current Affairs - Foreign Minister Taro Kono and Singapore Foreign Minister Vivian Balakrishnan on Sunday agreed to strengthen relations between Japan and the Association of Southeast Asian Nations.
The Hiroshima Prefecture Korean Hibakusha Association Vice-Chairman of the Committee pointed out the aging of hibakusha who returned to North Korea after the war.
The ministry said 123 of the company's 128 sites across the country were overcharged.
Some hibakusha said they could tell their grandchildren that they couldn't tell their children.
According to the prefectural disaster response headquarters, about 1.52 million people in Hiroshima were evacuated, but about 6,000 were actually evacuated.
The surface of the gold coin is made of phoenix, which symbolizes Emperor Akihito, paulownia and birch, which represent Emperor Michiko and Empress Michiko, respectively, while the surface of the copper coin is characterized by the design of the carriage used at the 1959 Imperial Parades.
There is a front on the north side of Typhoon 13, and the Japan Meteorological Agency (JMA) called on Kanto Koshin and the Pacific side of Tohoku to be vigilant against heavy rain, storms and high waves from before the typhoon approaches.
The Japan Meteorological Agency's 000 forecasters said they would like to ask residents in the affected areas to evacuate as soon as possible, in accordance with the relevant local government's evacuation advice.
Of the seven indicators that can be compared with the previous month, four have deteriorated.
Tokyo, Aug. 7. ^ Current Affairs Press. - The Ministry of Finance revised its economic assessment of Hokkaido upward in its quarterly regional economic report on Tuesday, while the Chugoku region, which was hit by heavy rain, did not make a decision in July.
Discussions on issues related to the deployment, such as environmental conservation and compensation in the event of an accident, have been suspended since the Japan Ground Self-Defense Force helicopter crash in Kanzaki City, Saga Prefecture in February.
Wind speed is more than 25 meters within 70 kilometers from the center of the typhoon, and wind speed is more than 15 meters within 560 kilometers to the east and 280 kilometers to the west.
The Japanese insurance company will also form a sales alliance with the Suncorp Group and use the Suncorp Group's sales network to expand its Australian business.
In December 2014, Japan Electric Power Co., Ltd. (TEPCO) requested a review of the compliance of the Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Station.
“Since Lawson operates across the country, we would like to contribute to the regional economy with financial institutions in each region,” he said.
The survey's questions include the number of candidates by gender, age, and success in the past six years.
For this reason, the fish wholesalers worked with transport companies to store frozen tuna in trucks with powerful refrigerators until just before 4:30 a.m., when sales locations opened.
Japan and Russia designated 18 years as the year of Japan-Russia exchanges at the 2016 summit meeting.
Although lottery revenue will be a valuable source of revenue for local governments, it tends to decrease, and the revenue from 439.8 billion yen in FY05 fell to 299.6 billion yen in FY2017.
According to a survey by the Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology, 60.3% of schools that independently handled food service costs in fiscal 2016 and 39.7% of schools handled by local governments.
The LDP's special council will press the government to secure the budget for the issue outside the scope of the usual science, technology and university budget.
Two years after JX Holdings and Tonnen General Oil merged to form JXTG, Idemitsu and Showa Shell merged in April 2019, and the industry is heading into a three-strong era.
Sao Paulo, August 14 Sao Paulo Current Affairs - Foreign Minister Taro Kono and Peruvian Foreign Minister Nestor Popolisio on Tuesday agreed to urge Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro's dictatorship to democratize.
Under the name of Shinzo Abe, the head of the Liberal Democratic Party (LDP), Masahiko Shibayama, a special assistant to the head of the party who visited the shrine on behalf of the LDP, paid tamagushi fees as a representative.
On May 29, 2015, an explosive eruption broke out in Shindake, forcing all residents to evacuate to the island after the agency raised its fire alert level to five, which requires immediate evacuation.
Since no eruption was the last small one on June 19, 2015, the agency lowered its volcanic alert level from 5 to 3 in June 2016 to Level 2 in April this year.
Meanwhile, the number of visitors from China increased by 12.6% to 879,100, Taiwan increased by 3.1% to 460,500, and the United States increased by 13.4% to 146,700.
The ministry said the Prefectural Air Disaster Prevention Squadron communicated its helicopter flight plan to the ministry at 8:53 a.m., just before Friday's flight.
It was also found that the Prefectural Disaster Prevention Air Force was contacting the ministry's Tokyo Airport Office around 11:19 a.m. on Friday, even though the helicopter had not arrived at Heliport in Maebashi.
One expert reported that of the 110 remains examined, there were five Japanese DNA types and 54 Filipino types.
Tokyo, Aug. 17 · The Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology announced on Friday that Japanese high school students have won three gold medals and one silver medal at the 12th International Geology Olympics in Thailand this month.
Increase the number of immigration inspectors and immigration control officers, grasp the work situation of foreigners, and take strict measures against illegal stays in Japan.
The meeting will include 20 countries and regions scheduled to be held in Osaka in June.
The face photo is taken with a camera attached to the unmanned gate and automatically collated with the passport with the IC chip to confirm the identity.
“We must move forward with cooperation to further increase the number of Parties,” he said, adding that he would strengthen efforts to increase the number of Parties.
Of the 18 RCEP negotiations, 16 countries, including China, have already agreed on four areas, including government procurement and customs procedures and trade facilitation.
The use of nursing robots that support excretion and walking is expected to significantly reduce the physical burden on nursing care workers and alleviate the labor shortage in the nursing care industry.
After the same day, Suga pointed out issues such as promoting the distribution of used devices and releasing SIM locks that make devices sold by mobile companies unavailable to other companies.
In 2017, the total number of foreign guests in the six prefectures of Tohoku was about 950,000, an increase of about 90% from 2010, but it accounts for only 1.3% of the total number of guests across the country.
The ministry is considering demanding an increase of 11.8% from the previous fiscal year's budget of 5.9351 trillion yen.
Abe said that Japan and the United States are in complete agreement with a policy of achieving complete denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula.
South America significantly eased its restrictions in December 2012. || However, South America continued to impose restrictions, such as requiring Fukushima products to submit certificates of origin and certificates of radioactive material testing.
The four companies will negotiate the construction of domestic nuclear power plants, joint decommissioning work, and the establishment of a new company to maintain and manage nuclear power plants, sources said.
The agency has released high-temperature warning information to coastal areas in the Sea of Japan, including the Hokuriku region, calling attention to heatstroke.
Of the five companies, Diamond, which manufactures automotive parts, may have been tampered with since around 1977 at the latest. || Even after the fraud was discovered, the president at the time instructed the continued shipment of fraudulent products.
While evacuation orders were issued to a part of Katano City, Osaka Prefecture, many municipalities in western Japan, such as Marugame City, Kagawa Prefecture, were issued evacuation orders.
Fukui, Aug. 25 The government conducted a comprehensive disaster drill on Saturday on the assumption that a serious accident occurred at the Oi Nuclear Power Plant and the Takahama Nuclear Power Plant in Kansai Electric Power Company.
The test vehicle is equipped with a ZMP-developed automated driving system in a minivan, which automatically performs steering wheel, accelerator, and brake operations.
After the ruling, the victim's daughter, 49, told reporters, "I think the ruling is lighter than the weight of my mother's life. The law does not suit the times."
In 2017, the number of new AIDS virus cases decreased by 35 to 976, and the number of new patients who had already developed AIDS decreased by 24 to 413.
Fraud was found in more than 80% of 27 of the 33 central government agencies surveyed.
Tokyo, Aug. 28 Jiji Press. The Fire Department of the Ministry of Internal Affairs and Communications (MIC) said in a Jiji Press interview on Tuesday that it will strengthen disaster prevention helicopter safety measures held by local governments in the wake of the recent disaster prevention helicopter death accident.
The document refers to Chinese President Xi Jinping's remarks that his country will accelerate the development of intelligence militarization, deter war and win war.
Tokyo, Aug. 29, Jiji Press. The Cabinet Office plans to extend the tax benefits system for companies that donate to local governments working on regional revitalization, to local governments. | | According to sources familiar with the Cabinet Office's plan, the Furusato Tax system, launched in 2016, will extend the current fiscal 2019 deadline by five years.
The company will also seek to acquire one jet and one surveying plane to strengthen its maritime monitoring and survey systems.
Japan should not consider this issue as an extension of its previous policy, but identify the defense capabilities that are truly necessary for the country, he stressed.
At the House of Representatives meeting on the same day, some companies said they would like the Japanese government to work closely with U.S. aviation authorities in response to the U.S.'s consideration of developing air regulations for flying vehicles.
Abe, who has made strong relations with Trump one of the selling points, emphasized that Japan-U.S. relations are stronger than ever before in his local campaign for the ruling Liberal Democratic Party (LDP) presidential election in September.
The breakdown is 24.7 billion yen at the 20-nation G20 Summit in Osaka in June and 1.2 billion yen at the 7th Tokyo VII in Kanagawa in August.
Partly due to a decrease in private apartment supply, rental apartments decreased by 1.4% to 35,847 units, marking the 14th consecutive month of declines.
For two years ago, about 110 free school operators and NPOs in Japan have introduced information on organizations that provide shelters and provide free phone consultations at this time.
Although fishermen claim that dolphin fishing is part of Japanese tradition and culture, the organizers insist that fishing is not traditional now, as ships and fishing equipment are incomparably advanced.
Bombers capable of carrying the missile were seen passing through the airspace between Okinawa's main island and Miyako Island last year and advancing off the coast of the Kii Peninsula or passing through the Tsushima Channel.
Manufacturers of information communication machinery, chemical products, and transportation machinery, including semiconductors, recorded significant growth in spending.
Ordinary income in the manufacturing industry increased by 27.5% to 10.4766 trillion yen due to growth in ICT machinery manufacturers and production machinery manufacturers.
The total sales of all companies surveyed were up 5.1% to 344.6149 trillion yen, supported by an increase in sales of electronic components to automobile and industrial machinery and strong automobile exports to Asia.
On the other hand, the end of the rainy season in the Kanto region, including Tokyo, was around June 29, and the earliest end of the rainy season since that year was decided.
At a press conference on Tuesday, Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga said, "It is important for companies, universities and other stakeholders to think fully about students and discuss them," adding that the government will carefully monitor the outcome of the discussions.
Matsui told a press conference that this was a "state of emergency." | He said that if the airport's functions decline, it would be necessary to complement the entrance functions from overseas.
The government has set up a government office at the Crisis Management Center at the official residence to collect information.
On the other hand, the total request for the fiscal investment and loan plan, Treasury, fell 12.9% from the previous fiscal year's initial plan to 12.5973 trillion yen, the lowest level in the past 20 years, due to a downward trend in demand for treasury investment following the economic recovery.
On the other hand, Language One Tokyo, which is involved in the telephone interpretation business, has started providing interpretation services through phone calls that support 12 languages, such as English and Korean.
Known as swine fever, the epidemic affects pigs and wild boars.
Eating infected pork does not infect people.
Of the three production lines at the plant, only one line that manufactures canned beer and other products has been restarted.
The Prime Minister also said he would raise the consumption tax rate from 8% to 10% in October next year as scheduled.
The ministry said if it were to pass on the increase to retail prices, it would raise household thin flour by around 3.8 yen per kilogram.
PWJ's 0000 handler for another rescue dog, 46, remembers that the dirt covered the house and the rescue dog had difficulty sniffing humans.
The Ministry of Finance said that the negative side of western Japan's heavy rain in July was found in some parts of China and the Shikoku region, but that its impact on the economy as a whole was limited. || "The latest survey reflects a general trend in the economy, where the economy is recovering moderately," a Ministry of Finance official said.
Applicants who are born before April 1, 2002 can choose up to three fields, from the following nine fields: guidance, competition, mobile support, attendo, operational support, healthcare, technology, media, and ceremony.
In the event of a series of earthquakes in Kumamoto in 2016, the website introduced a system that allows non-affected local governments to accept donations and issue certificates of receipt on behalf of the affected local governments in order to lighten the burden on the affected local governments.
On the other hand, prices of electrical equipment and transportation equipment fell 0.4%.
About 60% of the 414 cases were in violation of laws and regulations, such as not crossing a crosswalk while near a crosswalk.
The Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry aims to reduce the purchase price from companies of 18 yen per kilowatt-hour to 8.5 yen in FY18 and 11 yen in FY24 from 26 yen to 25,027.
Abe refutes that his policy is not a conflict between the local economy and Tokyo. | | Abe says, "If the Tokyo economy improves, the price of agricultural products produced in local regions will also increase."
Although the research that won the award itself did not bear fruit, 0000 told Jiji Press before the ceremony, “This research has become the starting point of my research to eliminate the death from colorectal cancer.”
The U.S. special representative vowed to make all possible efforts to return Japanese victims to Japan later in his meeting with the Secretary-General of the Abductions Families Association of 0000.
Tokyo, September 14 Jiji Press In a September poll released on Friday, Shinzo Abe's cabinet's approval rating increased by 3.2 points to 41.7%, exceeding his disapproval rating for the first time in seven months.
According to sources, MHI will use part of the estimated 120.0 billion yen to eliminate insolvency in fiscal 2018, particularly through measures such as equalization of debt.
The ministry also said that the population over the age of 70 was 26.18 million, accounting for 20.7% of the total population.
The rating follows the ministry's decision to increase E2D, an early-warning aircraft with increased detection capacity, to strengthen Air Force's Southwest Islands monitoring capacity and U.S. government's paid military aid.
Before the disaster of Typhoon 21, Kansai Air's international flights were about 170 round-trip services a day. | Currently, they have dropped to around 70.
Exports increased by 5.3% to 1.2459 trillion yen, while imports also increased by 21.5% to 790.1 billion yen, the highest ever in August, thanks to an increase in aircraft purchases.
The Fisco Group will also consider acquiring a majority of Tech Bureau shares and dispatching a majority of directors.
Hayabusa 2 dropped a Minerva 2-1 exploration robot to the north of the equator at 4:06 p.m. Greenwich Standard Time, which reached about 55 meters above Ryugu. | | On Thursday, the spacecraft began descending from 20 kilometers above the sky.
Halifax, Canada, September 20 Halifax, Canada. Environmental and Marine Energy Ministers of seven advanced countries agreed on Thursday to promote the recycling of plastic waste and the development of disposal technologies as part of efforts to reduce marine plastic waste emissions.
Iron ore-based converter steel increased 0.5% to 6,813,000 tons, while iron scrap-based electric furnace steel increased 2.2% to 1,992,000 tons.
By type, H-steel used in large buildings increased by 1.3% and small steel bars for residential use increased by 1.2%.
According to sources, Trump has flashed additional tariffs on imported vehicles and parts, while Prime Minister Abe stresses the importance of international rules-based free trade and wants to avoid additional tariffs from being imposed by the U.S. president.
DI is calculated by subtracting the percentage of companies that see business conditions as good from the percentage of companies that see them as bad.
The Ministry of Defense has budgeted R&D of gliders from fiscal 2018. | The Ministry has requested a budget of 13.8 billion yen in related spending for the following fiscal year from April.
Newspaper advertising and magazine advertising have also increased by 9.7% and 4.3%, respectively.
The average premium rate also increased to a record 9.167% due to a 204 union increase in premium rates.
In recent years, transport demand for automobile parts and electronic parts between the two regions has increased significantly, sources said.
Tokai No. 2 will meet a 40-year operating deadline on November 27. || The extension of the operating period requires a series of separate approvals by the NRA, including a construction plan that details the design of the equipment and facilities.
In a statement, TEPCO said it was TEPCO's responsibility to make individual management decisions, and that TEPCO explained to residents and companies affected by the nuclear disaster that supporting TEPCO would not seriously hinder compensation and decommissioning work.
According to Nissan, four other plants, including its flagship Oppama Plant in Yokosuka City, Kanagawa Prefecture, and Japan, were rewriting exhaust gas data or treating invalid data as valid data.
The agency recommends vaccination to people who have never been infected with rubella or who have not been vaccinated.
In response to Rouhani's request for cooperation in continuing the nuclear agreement, Abe emphasized the importance of continuing to implement the nuclear agreement.
International freight decreased by 10% to 168,510 tons. || Jet fuel refueling decreased by 2% to 373,805 kiloliters.
The EU has agreed to start discussions on reducing tariffs on industrial products, excluding automobiles, instead of avoiding automobile tariffs.
Referring to a recent Japan Health Insurance Association survey, Mr. 000 showed that some elderly people are also calling for an increase in the out-of-pocket ratio of elderly people.
Regarding the relationship with the General Association of Korean Residents in Japan and the General Association of Korean Residents, the presiding judge pointed out that there is a reasonable suspicion that the Korean school is under control that is beyond the limit of the General Association of Korean Residents and distorts the autonomy of education.
Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga told Trump at a press conference that Prime Minister Abe told Trump at the meeting, "It is important to continue to introduce high-performance equipment, including U.S. equipment, to strengthen the country's defense capabilities."
This increase seems to reflect an increase in the number of foreigners living in Japan, such as studying in Japan and finding employment.
At 10:00 a.m. in Nanjo City, Okinawa Prefecture, before 1:00 p.m. in Greenwich Mean Time, the station observed the strongest maximum instantaneous wind velocity of 56.2 meters.
The company, which is in the process of restructuring, plans to hire 1,500 people in April 2019, the same level as the company's recruitment in April 2015 before the discovery of fraudulent accounting.
The government is adjusting in a two-stage direction to formulate a supplementary budget. | | The first supplementary will focus on recovery from recent natural disasters such as major earthquakes in Hokkaido last month, and the second supplementary will focus on disaster prevention-related projects.
In August, the Japanese automaker dissolved a capital alliance with Toyota Motor Corporation and was seeking a new partner.
The proposed lump-sum payment will also be paid to people who have agreed to perform sterilization or have undergone other types of surgery, such as hysterectomy.
Nemuro, Hokkaido, October 5 A joint public-private research team on Japan-Russia joint economic activities in the disputed Northern Four Islands on Friday returned to Nemuro Port in Hokkaido.
Toshiyuki Matsumori, Director General of the Earthquake and Tsunami Monitoring Section at the Japan Meteorological Agency, said that earthquake activities in the region will continue for the time being.
My friends who died in the disaster, 0000, who are farmers in the Tomisato area of Atsuma-machi, where four people died in landslides, joined me.
According to a source, the IOC asked the Tokyo Organizing Committee to raise the start time of the game last month, adding that the Boating Federation wants to finish the game in the morning to protect players from the midsummer heat.
"The world is trying to reduce killings," he said. || The local government's plan is to reduce killings.
The company's operating revenue grew only slightly due to the closure of unprofitable stores. || However, net income increased significantly by 35.8% to 30.3 billion yen, due to the contribution of gains on sales of super subsidiaries in Hong Kong.
In the February survey, Japan was the top Thai along with Singapore, but this month Myanmar waived visas for Japanese tourists, raising Japan to the top single spot in the latest ranking.
UNY FAMIMA aims to separate the sluggish supermarket business and focus management resources on the core convenience store business.
Tokyo, Oct. 11 Jiji Press survey found on Thursday that about 90% of the 380 municipalities asked by the Ministry of Internal Affairs and Communications to promptly review the "Furusato Nozei", a system donated to local governments, will review it on request.
According to a business plan submitted by the Tokyo Metropolitan Government to the Ministry of Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries in August, the amount of seafood handled at the Toyosu market in FY2023 is estimated to be 616,400 tons, an increase of 60% from the amount handled at the Tsukiji market in 17 years.
Also, 56.8% of pet owners said they would always go to evacuation sites with them, while 10% said they would not go to evacuation sites because they were with their pets.
The G20 faces trade friction between members, but disagreements should be resolved directly by members involved in the friction, he said.
In order to prevent excessive return goods, the Ministry of Internal Affairs and Communications issued a notice to each local government calling for the procurement price of return goods to be less than 30% of the donation amount.
In addition to co-procuring products, Eon and Fuji will jointly develop private brand products sold in the Shikoku and Chugoku regions, where Fuji is based.
In addition to Ehime, Fuji has a total of more than 90 general supermarkets and food supermarkets in three prefectures in Shikoku, Kochi, Tokushima, and two prefectures in the Chugoku region, Yamaguchi.
The final ruling was found guilty on the basis of confessions in the investigation stage of 0000. || However, the Kumamoto District Court and the Fukuoka High Court both denied the credibility of confessions in the trial.
In Taki Chemistry, researchers who were studying mushrooms at the university have been starting to study the full artificial cultivation of Bakamatsutake for about six years.
Regarding the reason for the decision, the ministry explained that it was necessary to introduce a missile that SDF personnel could deal with safely from outside the threat zone of the other party.
The Crested Ibises Project began in 2008 and a total of 308 birds have been released in Japan so far.
Three types of trading methods will be empirically studied, such as the auction method, which is established when the prices of buy orders and sell orders match.
In FY16 and FY17, a total of 110 tunnels inspected by the three companies were inspected by the Board of Inspection, and as a result, all of them were not inspected by fiberscope.
The cost of 727.5 billion yen includes disposal of disaster waste, financial support for affected SMEs, and recovery support for the Kansai International Airport Bridge damaged by tankers washed away during the passage of a large typhoon.
Of these, 21 organizations have been confirmed of damage, 11 organizations have been found difficult to investigate, and 14 organizations are investigating.
A specific negotiating objective with Japan is expected to be presented 30 days before the negotiations are launched.
On October 9, a system failure occurred on one of the four lines connecting the TSE trading system and securities companies.
For this reason, the government will ask card companies and payment service companies to reduce fees during the period.
He participated in the Olympics for the fourth consecutive time since the 2004 Athens Olympics.
The government wants to complete the review of the subcommittee by the week on the draft of the amendment. | | The LDP and its coalition partner, New Komeito, will complete the legislations within the week and submit them to the Diet by the end of next week.
The total number of visitors fell 2.6%, the first drop in two months to 1.34328 billion, but the purchase per visitor increased by 6.3% to 623 yen, reflecting the demand.
In the report, banks' lending attitudes have eased due to large-scale monetary easing, and lending has increased, particularly among companies with relatively low creditworthiness.
In September 2012, a law was enacted to realize the initiative. || However, TOCOM, the ministries of the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry, and Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries, are reluctant to implement the plan.
The blackout in Hokkaido was mainly due to the suspension of all three Hokkaido Electric Power Company's Tomato Atsuma thermal power plants, which covered about half of the electricity consumed in Hokkaido until the September 6 earthquake, after the disaster, as well as the suspension of the hydropower plant due to the damage of the transmission line.
On the other hand, prices of civil engineering, building services, and employment placement services continued to rise against the backdrop of a labor shortage.
Of the 538 plants across Japan that conducted the survey, six in the manufacturing sector were found to have a total of eight cases of bladder cancer.
The test delivery was carried out approximately 9 kilometers between the post office in Minamisoma City and the post office in Namie Town.
Ayako worshiped the spirits of successive Emperors and the Imperial Family at the Korei-den, and the gods of the country at the Shinden.
The Japanese side will continue to press China to ease the embargo and aim to realize easing until Chinese President Xi Jinping's visit to Japan, which is expected to occur next year.
Since the first meeting in Oita Prefecture in 1981, Their Majesties have almost always attended it.
The Trump administration has complained that Japan has tariff-free and non-tariff barriers in the automotive, agricultural and service sectors, and there is expected to be a fierce battle for these areas on both sides, observers said.
Hitachi and SBI will use the vast amount of payment data to provide various new services, such as management advice to customers and prevention of fraudulent payments.
About 47,000 Self-Defense Forces and 9,500 U.S. military members will participate in ballistic missile defense and remote island defense drills.
Under the current international tax rules, the government cannot, in principle, tax foreign companies that do not have a head office, such as factories and branches, in its jurisdiction.
The interim report on digital taxation compiled by the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) in March calls for a review of this principle.
After Prime Minister Abe congratulated Crown Prince Naruhito on his toast, he said, “Please help each other and build a cheerful family that can't stop laughing.”
Of the four items that make up the index, living-style items have deteriorated for the second consecutive month, while income and employment conditions have deteriorated.
Meanwhile, KDDI, which is strengthening non-core fields such as payment services and Internet mail order sales, will use Rakuten's logistics infrastructure to streamline its logistics delivery operations.
In 2005, two F-15 fighter jets from the Chitose Base Hokkaido were in contact during combat training.
A total of 142 local governments, more than 59 in the previous session, participated in the drill with the aim of strengthening cooperation with related organizations.
This is the first time that Japan has recovered goods from the ISS. | | Until now, the collection of goods has been limited to the United States and Russia.
The government will take steps to ensure that the three major mobile phone companies and mobile distributors display ads appropriately.
In a joint press statement following the meeting, Prime Minister Abe explained that the two sides shared the view that full implementation of UN Security Council resolutions against North Korea is necessary for the complete denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula.
A government official said the Grand Holiday would increase citizens' congratulatory mood for the Crown Prince's accession and reduce the impact of the current Heisei era on people's lives on May 1.
At the meeting, Mr. Abe and Mr. Pence shared the view that full implementation of the UN Security Council resolution against North Korea is necessary for the complete denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula.
The RCEP will form an economic zone that accounts for half of the world's population and 30% of the world's total trade and GDP.
He called on countries that maintain import restrictions on Japanese food products to remove the restrictions as soon as possible.
There are eight livestock raising facilities in the area, including a total of about 8,500 pigs and wild boars.
In particular, China's Shikoku rose 5.9 points to 64.7% and Chubu rose 4.0 points to 76.0%.
According to a person concerned, the 000 President and 000 Pilot in Command are suspected of failing to confirm the total weight of the aircraft before takeoff in violation of the rules specified by the Civil Aeronautics Act and flying the aircraft with excessive weight.
With regard to the Act on Promotion of Women's Empowerment, the ministry aims to expand the scope of the Action Plan currently mandated to more than 301 companies to more than 101 companies.
In October, Japan's trade balance with China was up 52.1% for the seventh consecutive month of losses of 406.2 billion yen, reflecting growth in imports of clothing and mobile phones.
In a May proposal, the ruling Liberal Democratic Party (LDP) called on the government to consider including in its guidelines the acquisition of enemy base attack capabilities, which are necessary to attack ballistic missiles and other weapons that target Japan.
Nissan will submit a proposal at a meeting of the board of directors on Thursday to release the 000 suspects from the positions of chairman and representative director.
He noted that digitization of the Russian economy and industries is a new priority, and expressed his hope that Japan's high-tech industries will expand investment and promote technical cooperation with Russia.
The proposal also calls for the government to target the planned premium gift certificates to low-income and child-rearing households.
According to a source, the Japanese side proposed leaving the future of the Union to private companies because it was a story between private companies, but the French side also expressed no objection.
A team led by Professor 000 and Professor 000 injects about two million neuroprogenitor cells, modified from iPS cells, into the damaged sites of four patients, two weeks after spinal cord injury.
Prime Minister Abe welcomed the recent lifting of the Chinese government's ban on imports of rice grown in Niigata Prefecture shortly after the March 2011 tsunami disaster. | Prime Minister Abe called on the Chinese side to remove import restrictions on other Japanese food products.
Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga said at a press conference, “We hope that the construction will be carried out with full security and maximum consideration to the natural and living environments.”
In 2016, a dish using coriander was chosen, and in 2017, a dish using chicken breast was chosen.
In the trade of goods, the trade deficit was 321.7 billion yen, the first loss in two months, and the increase in imports exceeded the increase in exports.
The Chinese court sentenced a man in Aichi Prefecture to 12 years in prison, a man in Kanagawa Prefecture west of Tokyo to five years in prison, and a woman in Tokyo to six years in prison.
In October, orders from manufacturers increased by 12.3%, and strong demand from petroleum and coal product manufacturers and automakers was noticeable.
According to the elementary school, children have evacuated a total of 693 times in the past year. || During one physical education class, they had to evacuate five times.
In addition, 000 President expressed his intention to integrate the division that manufactures the first small domestic passenger jets and Mitsubishi Regional Jets with the division that manufactures main wings for Boeing aircraft.
The F35A of the Air Force specifications is 60, with the rest being the F35B of the Marine Corps specifications.
The number of club instructors will increase by 4,500 to 9,000, and the number of support staff who help teachers prepare for classes will increase by 600 to 3,600.
When asked about the details of the support in multiple responses, the majority cited welfare and nursing care, followed by “Culture and Art and Sports Promotion,” “Child and Youth Development, and Child Rearing Support.”
In February 2017, PGS announced the start of clinical research, and will continue clinical research.
On the other hand, Finance Minister Aso and Labor Minister Takumi Nemoto agreed that the national government will pay the full amount for the first half of the year starting in October 2019, and in principle, the national government and local governments will pay one-half of the budget.
The construction cost of the Shinkansen will first be appropriated for loans paid by JR companies for the use of facilities, with the remaining two-thirds to be paid by the national government and the rest to local governments.
Tamaki told reporters, "Municipalities have the responsibility to implement prefectural referendum." | "The opportunity to vote must not be lost."
At the Japan-U.S. summit meeting, Reagan expressed his intention to partially lift trade sanctions against Japan. || Reagan partially lifted them in eight days.
Market sources said there are concerns about the impact of the Japanese government's decision to effectively eliminate Chinese communications equipment products from contracts. | SoftBank uses China's Huawei technology.
The Japanese economy achieved a prolonged economic expansion, supported by strong exports due to the expansion of overseas economies and the depreciation of the yen, leading to a rise in stock prices and an increase in employment.
For foreigners living on remote islands where it is difficult to use face-to-face Japanese classes, we will develop online Japanese language teaching materials for 100 million yen.
In the suit, Bombardier claims that a subsidiary of Mitsubishi Heavy Industries adopted the company's former employees and misused confidential information related to passenger aircraft certification to develop small jets and Mitsubishi Regional Jets. | Bombardier is seeking damages and injunction against the use of information.
1. Following the ruling on October 30, the Supreme Court of South Korea has repeatedly ordered Japanese companies to compensate for work during the war.
In this response, medical institutions are urged to use telephone interpreting, and core facilities are requested to provide specialized medical interpreting.
In the battery business such as electric vehicles, Japanese manufacturers have maintained their technological superiority. || However, in recent years, competition with South Korean and Chinese manufacturers has intensified.
Human Holdings operates more than 1,300 classes in Japan, making it one of Japan's largest robot classes to teach more than 22,000 children.
In principle, the supervising organization is required to allow trainees to take classes on the Japanese language and daily life for two months. || However, the cooperative had trainees work in companies despite the duration of the training.
After the acquisition, NEC will combine its biometrics technology and artificial intelligence with KMD's administrative AI services.
On the other hand, the Japan-U.S. Security Treaty increased by three points to a total of 90% who said it was "extremely important" or "to some extent important" to U.S. security.
The investigation was conducted by a U.S. research firm over the phone in March this year.
According to the defense, the 〇00 suspect says, "If there is such a place, I want to speak in court."
On the other hand, major tobacco companies have recently been focusing on selling heated tobacco products.
The prefectural office set up a statue of Luffy on the prefectural office premises, and about 1,500 fans visited the unveiling ceremony in November 2018.
Kazuo Shii, chairman of the Communist Party, expressed his determination to end the move to amend the Constitution, saying, “Prime Minister Abe, who has been ignoring the Constitution, is not qualified to change the Constitution.”
"In order to firmly deepen discussions with South Korea, it is possible to exchange confidential records with each other depending on the outcome of the talks," Iwaya said at a press conference.
Abe's visit to the Netherlands since March 2014 and to the UK since April 2017.
The U.S. Coast Guard and U.S. Navy are also investigating the accident.
In order to curb an increase in purchase costs due to an increase in the use of renewable energy, the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry plans to cut the purchase price to around 8.50 yen by fiscal 2022.
Touching on the fact that six Japanese start-ups supported by the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry are exhibiting at CES, Seko said, "We would like to increase the number of such Japanese companies by continuing to support them."
In industrial activities that seem to be affected by the disaster, shipments of lithium-ion batteries to the U.S. and production machinery decreased.
The number of insolvencies decreased in seven out of 10 industries.
In South Korea, “Infinity Q50 2.2d” was sold in 2014 and “Qashqai” was sold in 15.
However, in the mid-Meiji period, medical schools were decommissioned one after another due to financial difficulties. | 〇000, he said, samples may have been donated to local schools.
In December, the price of petroleum and coal products rose 4.7%, a slight increase from the previous month's 14.2% rise.
The current law provides for restricted drone airspace and flight restrictions, but there is no provision that requires the pilot to report an accident apart from police investigations.
The government's expert panel is discussing new rules to strengthen safety measures such as mandating pre-flight inspections and prohibiting drunken flights.
On the other hand, more than half of the reasons cited by those who said they would like to work after the age of 66 were "I want to live a comfortable life economically" and "I think that living expenses will be insufficient if I don't continue working" at 28.9% and 24.9%.
By gender, male students rose 2.3 points to 87.5%, and female students rose 1.5 points to 88.5%.
The job offer rate rose 2.0 percentage points to 87.7 and 1.8 percentage points to 89.0.
1. At the meeting in Argentina in December, the two leaders agreed to start negotiations under a new framework headed by Taro Kono and Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov.
In his previous meeting, Abe and Putin instructed officials to make full-fledged progress in joint economic efforts on the four northern islands.
Between the small-group meeting and the working dinner, the two leaders met with only interpreters.
If Japan repeats a similar flight, it will "respond strongly in line with the Rules of Response Action," the Operations Headquarters said.
Of these, 368 were caused by product defects, of which 209 were recalled products.
0000 Regarding its responsibility, the president only said, "The greatest responsibility is to strengthen legal compliance."
On the other hand, in fiscal 20 and beyond, Mr. 000 said, "We will set a cap," but did not say whether to comply with the 2.5% cap.
Data distribution is allowed freely in principle in the United States. | In Japan, it is necessary to obtain the consent of the person himself or herself to transfer personal information.
For the last five years or more, people who live in the Saitama, Chiba and Kanagawa prefectures adjacent to the Tokyo metropolitan area and commute to and from the 23 densely populated areas of Tokyo, and who move to other parts of the metropolitan area.
Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga told a press conference on the same day that Chief Cabinet Secretary Sadatsuka was present at the hearing and that he would not allow ministry officials to be present at future hearings.
09 White goods purchased using the national home appliance eco-point system implemented in 11 will soon be replaced.
47 The upper limit for each prefecture in each prefecture is set based on past catch results and other factors.
Japanese Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga said at a press conference that South Korea's actions are "extremely problematic." | Japan has "carried out all the measures it has promised" in the Japan-South Korea agreement, and he said, "We will continue to urge South Korea to implement them steadily."
In the revised measures, the ministry focused on providing information and strengthening evacuation guidance measures so that foreign visitors, including visitors, can evacuate smoothly in the event of an earthquake during the 20-year Tokyo Olympic and Paralympic Games.
The ministry estimated that strong tremors with a seismic intensity of 6 to 7 would occur in a wide range of areas from eastern Kanto to southwestern Kyushu.
Karatsu, Saga Prefecture, February 2. ^ Jiji Press. On Saturday, a nuclear disaster drill was conducted near the Genkai Nuclear Power Plant in Saga Prefecture, and this is the first such drill since the Units 3 and 4 were restarted last year.
The Emperor and the New Emperor are not involved in the selection process of the new gengo.
In an effort to attract families, the exhibition hall focuses on exhibits and events for children.
In 2010, 000 was detained by militants in Afghanistan for about five months || In 2016, he was also detained by Kurdish Government authorities in Iraq.
"If the system leads to reduced work and improved labor shortages," said 0000 of the Aquaculture Center. | In the future, the university will aim to automate the selection process itself, 0000.
Due to the revision of the Local Tax Act, since June, local governments must limit the return goods to "local products with a procurement amount of 30% or less of the donation amount."
Prices rose by 409 of the 744 items surveyed and fell by 266.
In 2014, a team led by government agencies and RIKEN conducted the world's first transplantation of patients with intractable diseases using iPS cells.
In the automobile industry around the world, the production of electric vehicles is accelerating due to the tightening of environmental regulations.
The next-generation model of the car currently produced in the UK is mainly produced in North America.
In Iwate, he said that while it will continue to be necessary to provide support for civil engineering and other professionals, it will be difficult for other local governments to secure such personnel from other local governments amid the outbreak of large-scale disasters across the country.
Tokyo, February 21 Jiji Press In 2018, the total damage of special scams such as bank transfer scams in Japan fell 9.6% to 35.68 billion yen for the fourth year in a row, according to a report by the National Police Agency on Thursday.
The sample part replacement method tends to give higher wages than the total replacement.
Those who pass the test can visit the agency except for July 17, when the final interview test is carried out, August 2.
Each ministry and agency will evaluate the examinees who have visited before the announcement of the final acceptance, and will issue an offer from August 21, the day after the announcement of the final acceptance.
Nevertheless, Tamaki will notify the prime minister and the U.S. president of the results of the vote based on the prefectural referendum ordinance.
The rise in road freight charges by 3.1% and worker dispatch service charges by 2.9% reflect labor shortages.
As an exception, banks can conditionally own 5% of the shares of companies in financial difficulties due to corporate restructuring.
However, there are concerns that the hygiene environment will not be secured and that the environment will deteriorate due to the waste liquid generated in the washing process.
As of the end of March last year, there were 723 level crossings in Japan and 2,726 level crossings in Japan.
The ministry said a decline in shipments of transport and production machinery was the main reason for a drop in the industrial machinery shipment index to 99.2, down 4.0%.
According to the data, violations of the Anti-Prostitution Act and the Child Prostitution and Pornography Prohibition Act were prominent in the charges.
Mr. Moon announced in an English speech that he would also strengthen cooperation with Japan for the peace of the Korean Peninsula. || "The past cannot change, but the future can change," he said.
In addition to 000 professors, 000 University of Tokyo professors who study extremely accurate "optical lattice clocks" will be involved in the donation course. | | We will also work on research that exceeds the limit of the communication capacity of the optical fiber network.
0000 Defendants are charged with violating the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act, allegedly underreporting remuneration, as well as violating the Companies Act, allegedly causing damage to Nissan.
According to Sky News, Nissan is considering reducing the production lines of its sports utility vehicle Qashqai and electric vehicle Leaf from a three-shift to a two-shift system at the plant.
Last month, it withdrew some of its production plans at the plant to move production to Japan.
In a structural reform announced in November 2017, Mizuho FG said it would reduce the number of employees by FY26 to 19,000, and reduce the group's approximately 500 business sites across Japan to approximately 400 by FY24.
The company is also considering suspending three other domestic and overseas plants for a few weeks.
According to the president, 000, Suntory may change the availability or extent of price increases depending on the region.
The number of insolvencies declined in six of the 10 industries surveyed, including retail and manufacturing.
According to officials, Nissan received a whistle-blower of the 0000 defendants' alleged misconduct and began a full-fledged internal investigation in June and provided information to prosecutors.
A little more than 25% of people “know well” and “know to some extent” about the awareness of cyber insurance.
In a survey conducted last year by the Fire Department of the Ministry of Internal Affairs and Communications, about 30% of the fire headquarters in 332 locations across the country that provide a response policy in the event of being asked to stop resuscitation, said they would stop resuscitation under certain conditions.
Finance Minister Taro Aso told the House of Representatives Finance Committee on Tuesday that he would take retaliatory measures such as adding tariffs, suspending remittances, and suspending visas.
Orders from manufacturers fell 1.9%, marking the third consecutive month of negative growth, reflecting sluggish demand from electrical machinery manufacturers and ICT machinery manufacturers.
Kobe Steel's “criminal responsibility is heavy,” the 0000 judge concluded, touching on the corporate structure such as the company's business climate that prioritizes delivery time and the lack of quality compliance awareness of management, saying that it was a “habitual crime.”
Subaru will withdraw from the film business and focus on repairing and cleaning roads.
Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga announced at a press conference that he would make efforts to popularize the use of My Number Cards. || "If the cards are not used by the public, the opportunity to improve convenience and economic productivity will be hindered," he said.
The Egyptian military is working with Israeli forces to clean up the area.
The ministry plans to launch the first national survey on the enrollment of foreign children from around April, and has called on local governments to cooperate in the survey.
After Prime Minister Abe made a speech as a representative of the people, Emperor Akihito will be offered his last words.
“We are determined to firmly condemn this vile terrorist attack and fight terrorism in close cooperation with New Zealand, Australia and the international community,” Chief Cabinet Secretary said.
The corporation has decided to convert two of the remaining four restaurants to pepper lunch restaurants.
The author is thought to be a scholar of Japanese literature, Chinese literature, Japanese history, and Oriental history.
The government is considering injecting about 77,000 chips into soft ground, but the government estimates that it will take three years and eight months to improve the ground.
The survey was conducted by the Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare of all 8,417 hospitals across the country, with 47.3% of 3,980 hospitals responding.
The proposal will be reflected in an integrated innovation strategy to be compiled around June and an AI strategy to be developed by summer.
The funds will mainly be used to procure materials for the production of the latest iPhone and iPhone models by Apple, the main customer of Japan Display.
DI is calculated by subtracting the percentage of companies that reported “good” business conditions from the percentage of companies that reported “bad.”
On March 14 this year, the government asked a scholar specializing in Japanese literature, Chinese literature, Japanese history, and Oriental history to devise a new era name.
The manager of the Yodobashi Camera store will purchase all outstanding shares of the target company, including those owned by Advante Partners, an investment fund that currently owns ICI Ishii Sports.
Of the seven indicators that can be compared to the previous month, three have improved, including the shipment of durable consumer goods.
Prime Minister Abe said, “We will confirm close cooperation for the success of the G20 Osaka Summit and further strengthen cooperation with other countries.”
According to the team, about two years of work have been done to analyze data obtained with technology that can identify golf balls on the moon from the earth, resulting in images of black holes in rings of bright glowing gas at the center of the M87.
The company has purchased cruisers used by the family of 0000 suspects. | According to sources, the interrogators may have been asked to explain the flow of funds and the process of purchasing cruisers.
ORIX, a leasing company, announced last week that it has launched a new business to support business succession.
The athletic pictogram has a prosthetic leg on one leg of the player at the start, and even the competitive swimming pictogram has been designed to show players with disabilities in one arm swimming.
The agency official said, "The package, such as LED bulbs, shows which types of lighting equipment and can be installed." || "Even if it is already installed, please check with the dealer if you are concerned about the correct combination."
Sharp is expected to see demand from design firms and other corporations as it can clearly display detailed characters and design drawings when it launches the three Big Pad models.
The trial decision per plaintiff reduced the monthly amount of 7,000 yen to 4,500 yen per month.
The company also said that it will provide an app this summer that will allow users to read posted works, and that it will be able to read 0000 and other famous authors' works as e-books.
The Emperor Akihito's one-time supplementary resolution of the Act on Special Measures for Abdication stipulates that the government should promptly consider and report the results to the Diet after the Act comes into force on April 30 this year, when His Majesty abdicates the throne.
In December last year, the central government agency announced that it would not procure equipment with embedded malfunctions, and clearly China's Huawei technology.
“Japan and the United States will strengthen bilateral cooperation, including in new areas, and further strengthen their alliance,” Kono said.
“Demand in the manufacturing and construction industries was firm, but we were unable to meet such demand,” Tepco said.
For many years, Japanese companies have recruited new graduates from universities as future executive candidates and have unified the appointment schedule under the leadership of the Keidanren.
The network holds an annual international meeting to train women and strengthen ties between politicians.
Suga said, "We have come to see various obstacles to further expand exports." ||
According to JAXA, the crater is estimated to be 10 meters in diameter and is the first in the world to produce an artificial crater on an asteroid.
The first of the three ceremonies was the Abdication Ceremony of Emperor Akihito, which was the first such ceremony in the history of constitutional government.
The Emperor's position, which is defined as "the symbol of Japan and the symbol of the unity of the Japanese people," will be succeeded on Wednesday by Crown Prince Naruhito.
“If Nippon Steel’s assets are unfairly sold, it will never be accepted, and the Japanese government takes this situation more seriously,” he said.
Companies with many female executives tend to be more profitable than those that do not.
The committee has already held briefings in Sapporo City and Oita City, which are expected to attract many foreigners.
“It is important to resolve the issue through political dialog, including U.S.-North Korea dialog,” Wang said, without mentioning the intention of the launch.
As for future measures to improve the retention rate of mid-level employees, 62.5% of companies responded that they would “actively work” and 20.4% said that they would “work with some human resources.”
Moss Food expects net income to recover to one billion yen from this year to the fiscal year ending in March 20. | | Moss Food plans to accelerate store expansion in Asia while reducing domestic stores.
The surface of the gold coin was Phoenix and Zuiun, which symbolized Emperor Naruhito, and the surface of the bronze coin was Takamikura, which was used for the ceremony of Emperor Naruhito's accession to the throne in October.
At the beginning of the meeting, President Vladimir Putin's message was read by Senate President Valentina Matowenko of the Russian Federation, stressing that “regional relations are also very important in bilateral relations.”
Tokyo, May 14. Current Affairs Foreign Minister Taro Kono said on Tuesday that he would consider measures to deal with Iran's flickering Hormuz Strait blockade in the Persian Gulf. || "If there is a real situation that is blocked, I would like to seriously consider how to deal with it," Kono said at a press conference.
Watami plans to first develop human resources who work at its stores, support foreigners to acquire new residency qualifications, and develop human resources who work at other companies.
"Peace and stability in the Middle East is important for the global economy and global affairs, and is a vital part of Japan's energy-dependent economy," Abe said.
Asahi Beer launched its Premium Kire Flavor in January this year and raised its sales target from 3 million cases a year to 4 million cases in April due to strong sales.
Since an increase in tax revenue due to the economic recovery cannot cover an increase in spending, it is necessary to allocate non-tax income such as the OTIT's retained earnings.
In the job market for new graduates, the number of job openings greatly exceeded the number of job seekers.
The breakdown of the university graduates' employment rates was 97.3%, down 0.2 points, and 97.8%, down 0.8 points.
Business fixed investment was down 0.3% as firms refrained from investing amid a difficult outlook for external demand.
The 1965 agreement provides that if the “dispute” between Japan and South Korea cannot be resolved through bilateral consultations, the resolution will be left to an arbitration committee consisting of three members, one appointed by each of the two countries and one from third countries.
Exports to China fell 6.3% to 1.2329 trillion yen, a decline for the second consecutive month, and exports of semiconductor manufacturing equipment fell significantly.
During serious accidents, at least 99 cases were caused by incorrect use of stoves, of which 92 were caused by stoves that did not have cooking oil heating prevention devices or erasure safety devices.
By category, "transport mail" rose 1.2% and "various services" such as civil engineering rose 1.1%.
The revised law also requires vehicles to be equipped with a device that records the operation of the vehicles and stores the records in order to detect system problems early and investigate the cause of the accident.
If FCA merges with the three companies, the integrated corporation will become the world's largest automobile group with global sales of more than 15 million units.
The company has been introducing solar power generation facilities at some plants in Gunma Plant and renewable energy power generation at Utsunomiya Plant, which manufactures aircraft.
Insurance is applied to tests using the system for some cancer patients who have completed the “standard of care,” which is widely accepted as being effective in surgery and radiation therapy.
Shiseido will strengthen sales of its medium-price products through a broad sales network with 15,000 stores mainly in China and other Asian countries.
In the wake of a spate of child abuse cases, it is pointed out that disciplinary rights, which are permitted to the extent necessary to educate and supervise children, are being used to justify parental abuse of children.
Three of the park's five areas will open in the fall of 22 years, and the other two will open in about a year.
Osaka Prefectural Police has reduced the purchase prices of police officers and staff by purchasing a large number of functionally limited models.
The United Nations estimates that the world's population over the age of 60 will reach 2 billion, or 2050.
The company operates the entire line between Shin-Sugita and Kanazawa Hakkeima every 10 minutes, and operates about 35% less than normal.
Under the bill, local governments wishing to participate in the initiative will set up a forum with the national government and private companies to formulate a plan that includes deregulation measures necessary to realize the plan, and apply to the state with the consent of local residents.
On the other hand, the number of insolvencies increased by nine to 224, mainly in the food and beverage industry, and increased by three to 24 in the transportation industry.
Nisshin will replace some petrochemical-derived plastics with plant-derived ones and increase the percentage of renewable resources used in cup noodle containers from the previous 71% to 81%.
Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga said at a press conference on Wednesday, "We plan to put sensors manufactured by the Ministry of Defense on advanced optical satellites scheduled to be launched by the Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency (JAXA) in 2020 and conduct empirical research."
Regarding the relationship between Prime Minister Shinzo Abe’s visit to Iran and the attacks, Suga said, “The visit was meaningful from the perspective of easing tensions in the region, as the Iranian side highly appreciates it.”
When people who think that the five-day paid vacation is enough are asked to select multiple answers, 50.1% say that the current holiday is enough.
61.4% of people who said that the reason for being single was because they did not meet a suitable partner said they were “doing nothing in particular” to find a partner.
The plan includes considering preferential treatment for the transition process for technical intern trainees who are transferred to the new Specified Skilled Worker No. 1 to work in the same company.
Exports of semiconductor manufacturing equipment were down 30.4% due to a decline in demand in China and South Korea.
The arrest of 000 suspects is suspected of providing a total of approximately 69 million yen to the customer in January 2016 to cover losses incurred in the company's eight foreign exchange margin transactions.
Associate Professor 000 says, "By identifying and comparing birds offered to God in religious ceremonies and birds drawn on everyday earthenware, we hope to clarify the purpose of the Nazca's terrestrial painting."
Empress Michiko arrived at the hospital at 1:30 a.m. on Sunday at 1:30 a.m. Greenwich Standard Time and left the hospital at around 4:30 p.m.
The measures also included the active use of online surveys to reduce administrative burdens and improve the survey response rate.
Early Friday morning, the Prince and Princess visited Warsaw University, the old city of the country, and the old royal palace.
In a press document released after the Japan-Russia summit meeting, the Japanese government only stated, “We welcome the two countries to continue their negotiations vigorously with the determination to accelerate the peace treaty negotiations based on the Japan-Soviet Joint Declaration in 1956.”
The smartphone was originally scheduled to be released in late May, but was suspended due to possible impact from U.S. sanctions on Huawei.
Users first use a dedicated smartphone app to capture skin and measure sebum and water levels.
As of the end of 2018, 376 of the country's 728 fire headquarters had already introduced a special version of VoiceTra that can support 15 languages, including English, Chinese and Korean.
On the other hand, domestic stock markets were sluggish, and GPIF lost 2.732 trillion yen in investment in Japanese stocks, the first loss in three years.
According to the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Japan, people who enter Russia from Vladivostok and attempt to leave a third country from Moscow are fined for attempting to leave illegally.
With Self-Service GS, employees will be allowed to refuel after confirming that customers are ready in the office. || If you can release the permission from a tablet device, employees will be able to leave the office and do other work.
The system can handle office layout changes and store layout changes even after construction.
I have asked Internet service providers to voluntarily block connections to pirated sites.
The Tokyo Metropolitan Government will take disciplinary action against the relevant officials and consider demanding compensation from them.
Tokyo, July 18, Jiji Press. A Japanese Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry source said on Thursday that the ministry would sell Boeing's aircraft parts made in Japan to the company for electric aircraft.
“Our government can discuss with the Japanese side reasonable measures to gain the understanding of the people and victims of the two countries, including those to resolve the issues in a peaceful manner,” the statement said.
Regarding the increase in annual average salary, the company said, "It seems to reflect the need to increase salary and improve treatment," in order to secure human resources.
In addition to weapons of mass destruction in third countries, South Korea claimed in a written opinion that it is rigorously implementing export controls to prevent repurposing into conventional weapons.
Japan's Ministry of Defense said, "No ballistic missile has been confirmed to fly into Japan's territory or exclusive economic zone."
At a reporting meeting following the ruling, the plaintiff criticized the ruling.
Suga said, "It is important for Japan and South Korea to work together firmly."
Through this business alliance, we will promote R&D with the aim of creating new fields of business by combining JTEKT's manufacturing technology with AI-related deep planning through connectome design.
Specifically, by presenting Japan's claims to Chinese and South Korean researchers, it is expected that baseless claims will no longer be made.
Industry production is expected to rise 2.7% in July and 0.6% in August, the ministry said.
Kuroda expressed the possibility of “preemptive easing” as central banks in Europe and the United States intensify their easing stance.
The WCPFC has 26 member states, including 10 of them.
A U.S. Department official called on both Asian allies to respond calmly, saying, “We need to be thoughtful so that tensions do not damage economic and security ties between Japan and South Korea.”
North Korea has launched short-range ballistic missiles on July 25 and flying into the Sea of Japan on Wednesday and Friday.
The Agency for Cultural Affairs has adopted a grant of approximately 78 million yen to the International Art Festival, including the special exhibition, but has not received a grant.
In the reporting month, the ministry returned to a full survey of large companies in Tokyo that were subject to the extraction for the first time in about 15 and a half years.
“This cross embodies the cruelty of war and the hardships of war,” said 〇00.
In another instance of his meeting with Abe, Esper criticized China, which has increased influence across Asia, as “destabilizing the region, and predatory economic action threatens international rules.”
The investigation report on the tampering issue states that the Kinki Finance Bureau strongly opposed the instruction of the Ministry of Finance to the tampering.
According to the ministry, at least 20 of the 28 infections investigated were acquired through wild boars.
Aircraft using Haneda used to fly over Tokyo Bay, but the new route also passes over urban areas such as Shibuya, Shinjuku and Shinagawa.
The number of insolvencies has increased in nine of the 10 industries surveyed.
According to officials, the survey, scheduled for FY20, will include a wide range of factors related to children, including the child's poverty rate, diet, learning proficiency, and community involvement.
In response to the decline in the country's population, the ministry is aiming to create attractive spaces around the city, along with compact urban development that collects housing and commercial facilities in the center.
In a letter sent to U.S. President Donald Trump, North Korean leader Kim Jong Un expressed his intention to make a “slight apology” for short-range missile launches and halt them after the U.S.-South military exercises on Tuesday.
“The opposition party other than the Restoration should respond to discussions at the Constitutional Review Board set up to discuss the revised items,” Baba said.
“It is our mission to live in this age to revise the Constitution according to the times,” he said.
According to industry sources, this time a popular Tapioca milk tea shop from Taiwan entered Japan and became popular.
In recent years, Germany has emphasized relations with Japan as a partner that shares values due to the rise of China and the deterioration of relations with U.S. President Trump.
Tokyo, Aug. 21 Jiji Press. Japan's Ministry of Land, Infrastructure, Transport and Tourism announced Wednesday that 24 of Haneda Airport's 50 flights a day will be allocated to Japan-U.S. flights, which will increase from March 2020.
Aso is popular among South Koreans who enjoy golf, and the number of golfers increases usually during the winter.
Specifically, through services, the behavior of elderly people in the room can be confirmed with the caregiver's smartphone, making it more efficient to confirm safety at night.
According to the center, unofficial sites may appear as high-ranking ads in online search results, and consumers may misunderstand them as official sites and access them.
Tokyo, Aug. 28 · Japan's Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare announced Wednesday that the number of employees with disabilities was below the required level in 17 of the 44 institutions. · As of June 1 this year.
Sudan, which is suspended from the African Union (AU), is only allowed to attend relevant meetings, and 53 African countries are participating in the international meeting.
As of the end of June, the percentage of all shares of Recruit HD held by business companies other than individual investors and institutional investors exceeded 30%.
The President said he would more than double Japan's budget for materials and parts to strengthen competitiveness in these areas.
However, according to a survey conducted as of June last year, only 116 of the 728 fire departments in Japan have introduced drones, and 72 have actually used them.
According to sources, users will be asked to upload data to a dedicated system rather than email it to the court to avoid missending data.
The Insurance Business Act prohibits policyholders from transferring contracts without telling important matters such as insurance premiums or compensation details or without telling detrimental facts.
In 2018, Toyota produced about 129,000 units at the plant, accounting for 8.5% of the total vehicles produced in the UK this year.
A company employee in Osaka who came with his family, 〇000, 28, said, "I came running in to buy a TV in the living room before the tax hike."
Regarding the impact of the tariff on the Japanese economy and the global economy, Suga said, “I would like to refrain from giving a preferential answer.”
MaaS Global currently operates in Finland, Belgium and the UK, and aims to provide services in Japan.
Against the backdrop of strong automobile-related shipping production, five of the seven component indicators improved.
The agency said, “If you have a physical condition such as diarrhea after using ketogenne, refrain from using it and consult with the nearest medical institution.”
The plan to increase the out-of-pocket medical expenses of the elderly under the health insurance system from the current 10% to 20% has emerged, and the government is considering increasing the out-of-pocket expenses of nursing care users.
The Pope is opposed to the death penalty and his remarks on Japan's death penalty are noted.
The average price was 64.05 million yen, up 19.5%, which was fueled by the launch of relatively expensive condominiums in the 23 densely populated Tokyo wards.
The Trump administration last year decided to strengthen the screening of foreign investors due to wariness about China, which is rapidly emerging in the IT field. | European countries are also tightening restrictions on foreign investment.
In August this year, the Japanese government added 20 industries, including integrated circuits, mobile phones, and software, to target industries that require foreign investment to make advance notification.
0000 said, "Our stores are mainly in consultation services," indicating a negative view on store reductions.
In Chiba Prefecture, a total of six patients with severe symptoms requiring more than three weeks of hospitalization, 201 patients with short-term hospitalizations, and 289 patients with mild symptoms.
In the logistics industry, Yamato Holdings has already installed more than 4,000 parcel delivery boxes and Japan Post has installed more than 300 parcel delivery boxes.
The family began signing calls for the prosecution and severe punishment of the 0000 suspects on the streets and blogs, saying that severe punishment for the perpetrators would lead to the prevention of a recurrence.
The current initial salary is 133,500 yen per month for SDF candidates with term and 169,900 yen for full-time general cadets, all less than the 171,200 yen set for police officers employed by central government agencies.
On the other hand, the number of “targeted email attacks” that send emails with viruses to steal important information such as companies increased by 4.2% to 2,687 in the first half of this year.
The ministry publishes the previous month's export and import results as a preliminary report in the middle of each month, and then announces the detailed export results by product name, etc. in addition.
However, 000 said, "Many people who shop daily at major supermarkets are wondering whether they will go all the way to small and medium-sized supermarkets."
There were no overcharges for passengers who used the commuter pass or paid in cash.
In this policy, the government will also strengthen the production base of the target products, support companies that expand overseas, and strengthen the competitiveness of domestic industries.
Prime Minister Abe has instructed relevant government officials to make every effort to collect and analyze information on the missile launch, including providing information to the public quickly and accurately and ensuring the safety of aircraft and ships.
The September consumer confidence index fell 1.9 points due to a slump in the stock market, its largest drop since February 2016.
