The RCEP confirmed its policy of focusing on the negotiations so that a ministerial meeting will be held in Tokyo on July 1 and a summit meeting in Singapore in late November for a conclusion.
Fukushima, July 29 (Jiji Press)--J-Village, a national soccer center facility that has been used for more than seven years as a base for responding to the March 2011 nuclear accident, and some facilities in Fukushima Prefecture have resumed normal operations.
Evacuation advisories and evacuation orders were issued to the city of Hiroshima and many residents in areas hit by torrential rain since the beginning of this month.
Following the outline, the peace declaration calls for the establishment of security that does not depend on nuclear weapons by nuclear weapons states and others, while at the same time calling for the devastation of atomic bombings and the inhumanity of nuclear weapons.
The percentage of men who smoke fell 0.4 point to 27.8 pct, and that of women dropped 0.3 point to 8.7 pct, both marking record lows.
The MSDF plans to launch another Aegis ship in 2019, while the Hai Self-Aegis ship will be eight in 2021.
Berlin, July 29 (Jiji Press)--The Barna International Ballet Competition, believed to be one of the world's three major ballet conies, ranked second in the men's junior category with 18 fines from Japan.
In the situation on the Korean Peninsula, the ministers have expressed "welcome" to the April meeting of their leaders and the U.S.-North Korea summit in June, calling for continued efforts to denuclearize the Korean Peninsula.
Before the seasonally adjusted number of new job openings by industry, the month-on-month figure was up 4.0 pct for construction, up 3.8 pct for medical and welfare services, and up 3.5 pct for manufacturing, including automakers.
Meanwhile, sales of information and communications services dropped 11.2 pct and those of accommodation and restaurant services dropped 3.2 pct.
The shipment index stood at 101.3, down 0.2 pct, due mainly to a drop in shipments of petroleum and coal products at oil refineries during routine checks.
The BOJ will keep unchanged its negative interest rate policy of applying minus 0.1 pct to current account deposits held by financial institutions with the BOJ, while reducing the target covered by the negative interest rate to around 5 trillion yen from the current level of around 10 trillion yen.
Tokyo, July 31 (Jiji Press)--Prosecutors have voluntarily heard about some 10 senior ministry officials in a corruption case involving senior officials of the Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology, it was learned Tuesday by a Jiji Press interview.
According to the sources, the top 2000 defendants are also believed to have been cited by multiple education ministry executives, including former officials of the Japan Sports Agency.
There have been proposals to use plutonium held by TEPCO Holdings Inc., which cannot be restarted due to the suspension of operations, at other companies' nuclear power plants.
Of them, responses were received from 2,059 firms for domestic investment and 867 for overseas investment.
Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga said at a press conference Wednesday, "The government will accelerate preparations for the ceremony in line with the succession of the Imperial Family and make sure that the ceremony is carried out without ties."
The gap between loan and deposit rates in the country narrowed at four of the five companies, excluding Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Holdings Inc.
Tokyo, Aug. 2 (Jiji Press)--The amount of damage from special frauds in Japan, such as furikome fraud, in the first half of this year to June fell 1.33 billion yen from a year earlier to 7.1 pct to 17.49 billion yen, down for the fourth straight year, a preliminary National Police Agency tally showed Thursday.
The National Police Agency said that although the overall number has fallen due to a sharp drop in refund fraud, "I'll" fraud is increasing, pointing out that the situation remains extremely serious.
Toshiba said there will be no change in its previous estimate as the company has factored back in its earnings estimate for the full year to March 2019.
Singapore, Aug. 2 (Jiji Press)--Japanese Foreign Minister Taro Kono and his South Korean counterpart, Kang Kyung-wha, on Thursday confirmed close cooperation among Japan, South Korea, the United States and three other countries for North Korea's denuclearization.
While Kono also expressed concerns about the situation in the South China Sea, where China is trying to make it a military base, Wang showed the view that the situation is in a stable direction.
Higashimatsushima, Miyagi Pref., Aug. 2 (Jiji Press)--Prime Minister Shinzo Abe indicated Thursday that the government will complete relocation to public housing by fiscal 2020 for victims of the March 2011 disaster who live in temporary housing in the prefectures of Iwate and Miyagi.
In the June month alone, the country's trade deficit with Japan fell 3.4 pct from a year earlier to 5.3 billion dollars, down for the third straight month.
Singapore, Aug. 3 (Jiji Press)--Japanese Foreign Minister Taro Kono held a short conversation with his North Korean counterpart, Lee Yong-ho, in Singapore on Friday night.
The judge dismissed the defense's claim that the third-party DNA type detected in pressure-sensitive adhesives attached to the bodies of the girls is the real culprit, judging that there is a possibility of contamination in the fingerprint detection work.
Of those who did not evacuate, more than 80 pct said they did not feel the emergency to evacuate or thought their homes were OK.
Some members said that the BOJ's massive purchases of JGBs "have come to eye in various points" the side effects on the liquidity and functions of the JGB market.
The Health, Labor and Welfare Ministry obtained information on the records and sent staff to Mongolia in June to confirm that the records exist.
The records of a criminal trial will be kept by the district public prosecutors office, which was in charge of the first trial, for up to 100 years, although records other than the ruling are often scrapped after this storage period.
Rishiri, Hokkaido, Aug. 4 (Jiji Press)--Emperor Akihito and Empress Michiko, who have been on a three-day trip to Hokkaido since Friday, made their first visit to the island, Rishiri, which is close to the northernmost Japan island, on Saturday.
On behalf of the organizer, Harumi Takahashi, governor of Hokkaido, said, "We take pride in the variety of values and attractiveness that our predecessors have honed over many years, and we will pass the 50-year and 100-year generations on to the irreparable Furusato, Hokkaido."
Singapore, Aug. 5 (Jiji Press)--Japanese Foreign Minister Taro Kono and his Singaporean counterpart, Biennium Barakrishnin, agreed Sunday that Japan and the Association of Southeast Asian Nations will strengthen their ties.
The 83-year-old vice chairman of the Hiroshima Prefecture Association of Korean Hibakusha pointed to the aging of hibakusha who returned to North Korea after the war.
According to the ministry, 123 of the company's 128 offices across the country have been overcharged.
Some hibakusha said they were able to tell their grandchildren that they could not speak to the children.
According to the prefectural government's disaster response headquarters, evacuation advisories were issued to some 1.52 million people in Hiroshima, but some 6,000 people were actually evacuated.
The gold coin is topped with Hoso, which symbolizes Emperor Akihito, and Kiri and Shirakaba, which represent the Emperor and Empress, respectively, while the copper coin features the design of the carts, used in the 1959 Imperial Couple's Undermarriages Parade.
There is a front on the northern side of Typhoon No. 13, and the Japan Meteorological Agency has called on the Kanto-Koshin and Tohoku Pacific sides to be on close alert for heavy rain, stormy winds and high waves from before the typhoon approach.
A Japan Meteorological Agency forecaster said that he wants residents in areas that could be affected to follow related local government evacuation advisories and ask them to evacuate as early as possible.
Four of the seven indicators, which can be compared with the previous month, deteriorated.
Tokyo, Aug. 7 (Jiji Press)--The Finance Ministry revised up its economic assessment for Hokkaido in a quarterly regional economic report on Tuesday, while the Chugoku region, which was hit hard by torrential rain in July, forwent its decision.
Talks on issues related to the deployment, such as environmental preservation and compensation in the event of an accident, have been suspended since the February helicopter crash in Kanzaki, Saga Prefecture, southwestern Japan.
Wind speeds of 25 meters or more are within 70 kilometers from the center of the typhoon, and wind speeds of 15 meters or more are within 560 kilometers east of the center and 280 kilometers west of the center.
The Japanese insurer will also form a sales alliance with the Suncorp group, aiming to expand its Australian operations by utilizing the group's sales network.
The application for the compliance with the new regulatory standards for nuclear power plants under construction was the second since December 2014, when Japan Power Development Co. requested the screenings for the Oma plant and the town of Oma in Aomori Prefecture, northern Japan.
"As Lawson operates across the country, we want to contribute to the regional economy together with financial institutions in each region," he said.
The survey questions include the number of examinees by gender and age in the past six years and the number of successful examinees.
The fish wholesaler, therefore, worked with the shipping company to store frozen tuna in a truck with powerful refrigerators until just before 4:30 a.m., when the sales site opens.
At the 2016 summit, Japan and Russia designated 18 years as the year for Japan-Russia exchanges.
The proceeds from the lottery will be a valuable source of funds for local governments, but they tend to decrease, with the proceeds from 439.8 billion yen in fiscal 2005 plunging to 299.6 billion yen in fiscal 2017.
In fiscal 2016, 60.3 pct of the schools were processing their own meals and 39.7 pct of those handled by local governments, according to the survey by the education ministry.
The envisioned special council of the LDP intends to urge the government to secure the budget for the challenges outside the scope of the usual budget for science, technology and universities.
Two years after JX Holdings and TonenGeneral Sekiyu created JX through the management integration, Idemitsu and Showa Shell also integrated in April 2019, and the industry is heading toward the three-strong era.
Sao Paulo, Aug. 14 (Jiji Press)--Japanese Foreign Minister Taro Kono and his Peruvian counterpart, Nestro Popolicio, agreed Tuesday that the dictatorships of President Nicolas Madro in Mexico will encourage democratization.
In the name of Shinzo Abe, leader of the LDP, Masahiko Shibayama, special aide to the party's leader, who visited the shrine on behalf of the party, paid tamagushi fees as a representative.
On May 29, 2015, an explosive eruption occurred at Mount Shindake, forcing all residents to evacuate outside the island after the agency raised its alert level for an eruption requiring immediate evacuation to 5.
As no eruption took place last after a small eruption on June 19, 2015, the agency had lowered its alert level for eruptions to 3 pct from 5 in June 2016 and to Level 2 in April this year.
Meanwhile, the number of visitors from China was up 12.6 pct at 879,100, up 3.1 pct at 460,500 in Taiwan and up 13.4 pct at 146,700 in the United States.
According to the ministry, the prefecture's Air Disaster Management Force conveyed the helicopter flight plan to the ministry at 8:53 a.m., the time just before the flight on Friday.
In addition, the prefectural disaster prevention aircraft team was also found to have contacted the ministry's Tokyo Airport office around 11:19 a.m. on Friday, even though the helicopter did not arrive at the heliport in Maebashi.
One of the experts reported that the DNA types of Japanese people were five and those of Filipinos were 54 of the 110 bodies tested in the survey.
Tokyo, Aug. 17 (Jiji Press)--The Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology said Friday that Japanese high school students won three gold medals and one silver medal at the 12th International Geology Olympics in Thailand held this month.
The ministry will increase the number of immigration officers and immigration security officers to make it stricter to figure out how foreigners are working and how to deal with illegal stays in Japan.
The meeting will include a G-20 meeting of the Group of 20 countries and regions to be held in Osaka in June.
The face pictures will be taken with a camera attached to the unmanned gates and automatically checked with the face pictures of passports and passports with IC chips to check who they are.
"We must promote cooperation in order to increase the number of our parties further," he said, expressing his intention to step up efforts to increase the number of such parties.
Of the 18 areas in the RCEP negotiations, 16 countries, including China, have already agreed on four areas, including government procurement, customs procedures and trade facilitation.
The use of nursing care robots, which support evacuation and walking, is expected to substantially reduce the physical burden on nursing care workers and ease labor shortages in the nursing care industry.
Later in the day, Suga cited challenges such as promoting the distribution of used handsets and the removal of SIM locks that make handsets sold by mobile carriers not available on lines of other companies.
The total number of foreign guests in the six northeastern Japan prefectures stood at about 950,000 in 2017, up some 90 pct from 10 years, but only 1.3 pct of the total number of lodging people in the country.
The ministry is considering demanding 5,935.1 billion yen for the fiscal 2019 budget estimate, up 11.8 pct from the previous year's estimate.
Japan, the United States and the United States are fully united in their policy of realizing full denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula, Abe said.
The South American country substantially eased its restrictions in December 2012.
The four companies are expected to negotiate such issues as the construction of domestic nuclear power plants, the joint decommissioning work and the establishment of a new company to manage nuclear plant maintenance, the sources said.
The agency released high-temperature caution information to Hokuriku and other coastal areas of the Sea of Japan, calling for caution against heatstroke.
Of the five companies, Diammet, which deals in auto parts, may have been falsified since around 1977 at the latest.
Evacuation orders were issued to part of the city of Katano, Osaka Prefecture, while evacuation orders were issued to many other municipalities in western Japan, including the city of Marugame, Kagawa Prefecture, western Japan.
Fukui, Aug. 25 (Jiji Press)--The government conducted a comprehensive disaster drill on Saturday on the assumption that a severe accident occurred at Kansai Electric's Oi and Takahama nuclear power plants, both in Fukui Prefecture, central Japan.
The experiment vehicle, equipped with the ZMP-developed automatic operation system in the minivan, will automatically operate the steering wheel, axles and brakes.
After the ruling, the victim's daughter, 49, told reporters, "I think the ruling is light compared with the weight of my mother's life, and the law is out of date."
In 2017, the newly found number of people infected with AIDS virus and HIV fell by 35 to 976, while the number of new patients who had already developed AIDS fell by 24 to 413.
The misappropriation was found at 27 of the 33 central government agencies surveyed, up 80 pct.
Tokyo, Aug. 28 (Jiji Press)--The Internal Affairs and Communications Ministry's Fire and Disaster Management Agency plans to strengthen safety measures for antidisaster helicopters held by local governments in the wake of a recent fatal accident at a disaster helicopter, Jiji Press learned Tuesday.
The document noted Chinese President Xi Jinping's remark that his country will accelerate the development of the militarization of intelligence, deter war and win the war.
Tokyo, Aug. 29 (Jiji Press)--The Cabinet Office plans to extend a system under which companies who make donations to local governments engaged in regional revitalization receive tax benefits, related sources told Jiji Press on Wednesday.
The ministry also aims to obtain one jet and one surveying plane in order to strengthen its maritime surveillance and survey system.
Japan needs to see the truly necessary defense force for the country, rather than considering the issue as an extension of its conventional policy, he stressed.
At the day's assembly meeting, some participating companies and organizations said they want the Japanese government to closely cooperate with U.S. aviation authorities in response to a study in the United States to draw up air regulations for flying vehicles.
Abe, who has made solid ties with Trump one of the selling points, has also stressed that "Japan-U.S. relations have never been stronger" in the run-up to the ruling Liberal Democratic Party's leadership election in September.
Of the total, 24.7 billion yen will go to the G-20 summit in Osaka in June and 1.2 billion yen to the seventh Tokyo International Conference on African Development, or TICAD WII, in Kanagawa in August.
Sales of rented apartments fell 1.4 pct to 35,847 units, down for the 14th straight month, partly thanks to a drop in supply of private-sector apartments.
Since two years ago, the nonprofit organization, which has some 110 free school operators and related groups in the country, has introduced on its website information on organizations offering shelters and providing free telephone consultations during this period.
The fishermen's side has insisted on dolphin fishing with Japanese heritage and culture, but the current fishing is not traditional because the boats and fishing equipment have advanced far from the old ones, the organizer argued.
Bombers capable of carrying the missile have been seen passing through airspace between the main island of Okinawa and Miyakojima last year to expand into waters off the Kii Peninsula or pass through the Tsushima Strait.
Spending growth was large at information and communications machinery, including semiconductors, chemical products and transport machinery makers.
Recurring profits at manufacturers grew 27.5 pct to 10,476.6 billion yen, thanks to growth at information and communications machinery makers and production machinery makers.
The total sales at all surveyed companies rose 5.1 pct to 344,614.9 billion yen, supported by increased sales of electronic parts for automobiles and industrial machinery, and brisk vehicle exports to Asia, the ministry said.
Meanwhile, the end of the rainy season in the Kanto region, including Tokyo, was around June 29, the earliest since that year, when it was finalized.
At a press conference on Tuesday, the chief cabinet secretary also said, "It is important for companies, universities and other parties to hold discussions while fully thinking about students," indicating that the government will carefully watch the course of the discussions.
This is "an emergency," Here, he said at a press conference, noting that if the functions of the airport decline, they need to supplement the functions of the entrances from abroad.
To gather information, the government has set up a government office at the crisis management center of the office.
Meanwhile, the total request for the fiscal investment and loan program, or "zaito," has fallen 12.9 pct from the previous year to 12,0597.3 billion yen, the lowest level in the past 20 years, due to a downtrend in demand for "zaito," reflecting the economic recovery.
Meanwhile, Language One Tokyo Co., a provider of telephone interpretation business and other services, has started offering free interpretation services via phone calls compatible with 12 languages, including English and Korean.
The contagious disease, known as pork fever, occurs in pork and wild boar.
If they eat meat from infected pork, they will not be infected with people.
Out of the plant's three-row production line, only one row, which makes such products as canned beer, was back in operation.
The prime minister also said he plans to raise the consumption tax rate to 10 pct from 8 pct in October next year as scheduled.
If the increase is passed on to retail prices, the amount of household-use thin-strength flour will be around 3.8 yen per kilogram, the ministry said.
The IWJ's 46, who serves as a handle for another rescue dog, recalls that the earth and sand had covered the house and that it had been difficult for the rescue dog to snag human snares.
The Ministry of Finance said that the negative effects of torrential rain in western Japan in July were seen in some parts of the Chugoku and Shikoku regions, but the effects on the overall Japanese economy were limited.
Applicants, who were born before April 1, 2002, but are eligible to choose up to three fields of hope, from nine fields--guidance, competition, mobile support, atteeing, operational support, healthcare, technology, media and ceremonies.
At the time of a series of earthquakes in Kumamoto in 2016, the website introduced a system that allows municipalities not affected by the disaster to accept donations, issue certificates and take on behalf of affected municipalities in order to reduce the burden on affected municipalities.
Meanwhile, prices of electrical and transport equipment dropped 0.4 pct, respectively.
About 60 pct of the 414 cases were caused by a violation of the law, such as a failure to cross a pedestrian walkway while being near a pedestrian walkway.
In fiscal 2018, the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry aims to cut the purchase price from companies worth 18 yen per kilowatt-hour to 8.5 yen in fiscal 2224 and that from households to 11 yen in fiscal 2527 from 26 yen.
Abe refuted that his policy is not a confrontational structure between the economies of local governments and Tokyo. (Jiji Press)--Prices of farm produce made in the countryside will rise if Tokyo's economy improves, Abe said.
Although the award-winning research itself did not produce fruit, Ginginchi told Jiji Press before the award ceremony, "The latest research has become the starting point of my own research aimed at achieving zero deaths from open heart cancer."
The U.S. special representative vowed to give all the power for the return of Japanese victims in a meeting with the secretaries-general of the Families Association of Abductees later in the day.
Tokyo, Sept. 14 (Jiji Press)--The approval rate for the cabinet of Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe rose 3.2 pct from the previous month to 41.7 pct, topping disapproval for the first time in seven months, a September opinion poll released by Jiji Press showed Friday.
Mitsubishi Heavy plans to use some of some 120 billion yen to resolve the excess in fiscal 2018, especially through such measures as debt equity trading, the sources said.
The ministry also said that the number of people aged 70 or over came to 26.18 million, accounting for 20.7 pct of the total population.
The rating increase follows the ministry's decision to acquire the E2D, an early warning aircraft with increased ability to detect, at the U.S. government's Chargeable Military Aid FMS, or 27 billion yen, in a bid to strengthen its ability to monitor the Nansei Islands, also claimed by Japan.
There were some 170 round-trip flights a day on Kankuku's international flights before the disaster of Typhoon No. 21, which has fallen to around 70 at present.
Exports grew 5.3 pct to 1,0245.9 billion yen, thanks to increases in such products as medicines, construction and mining machinery, while imports also grew 21.5 pct to 790.1 billion yen, a record high for August, the ministry said.
The Fisco group will also consider acquiring a majority stake in Tech Bureau and sending a majority director.
Hayabusa-2 dropped a minerva-2-1 survey robot toward the north side of the equator on the asteroid around 4:06 a.m. on Greenwich Standard Time at 1:06 p.m., when it reached some 55 meters above the Cucucub's surface.
Halifax, Canada, Sept. 20 (Jiji Press)--Environment, ocean and energy ministers from the Group of Seven industrialized countries agreed Thursday to promote recycling of plastic waste and develop technologies for disposal as part of their efforts to cut emissions of marine plastic waste.
The figure was up 0.5 pct at 6,813,000 tons for cast steel, mainly made of iron ore, while the figure was up 2.2 pct at 1,992,000 tons for electric furnace steel, which uses steel scraps.
By type, sales of H-steel, used in large buildings and other facilities, increased 1.3 pct, and those of small steel bars, such as those for housing, increased 1.2 pct.
While Trump has scrambled to launch additional tariffs on imported vehicles and parts, Abe hopes to avoid an additional tariff by the U.S. president, stressing the importance of free trade based on international rules, according to the sources.
The DI is calculated by deducting the percentage of companies seeing business conditions as good from that of companies seeing them as bad.
The Defense Ministry has started to budget research and development on glider bullets since fiscal 2018, when the ministry requested a 13.8-billion-yen budget for related spending in the following fiscal year from April.
Newspaper and magazine ads also grew 9.7 pct and 4.3 pct, respectively.
The average premium rate also grew to a record 9.167 pct, thanks to premium rate hikes by 204 unions.
In recent years, transport demand between the two regions, such as auto parts and electronic parts, has increased substantially, the sources said.
Tokai No. 2 will have a 40-year operational deadline on Nov. 27. 7 (Jiji Press)--A series of separate approvals by the Nuclear Regulation Authority, including a construction plan that states detailed designs of equipment and facilities, are required to extend the operational period.
In the statement, the minister said that individual management decisions were made at the responsibility of TEPCO management and that support for TEPCO will not significantly affect compensation and decommission work for residents and companies affected by the nuclear accident, and responded that it is not problematic.
According to Nissan, the company's four other plants, including its mainstay Oppama plant in Yokosuka, Kanagawa Prefecture, south of Tokyo, and Japan, had rewritten data on the exhaust gas or treated the invalid data as valid data.
The agency advises those who have never been infected with rubella and those who have not received vaccinations.
While Rowhani asked for cooperation to continue the nuclear agreement, Abe stressed that it is important to implement it in a continued manner.
The amount of international cargo fell 10 pct to 168,510 tons. (Jiji Press)--Jet fuel refueling fell 2 pct to 373,805 kiloliters.
Instead of escaping from auto tariffs, the EU has responded to the start of talks on tariff cuts for industrial products, excluding automobiles.
Citing a recent Kenhoren survey, Knockin said that some elderly people are calling for a rise in the proportion of out-of-pocket payments for the elderly.
On the relationship with the General Association of Korean Residents in Japan, or Chongryon, the presiding judge pointed out that there are reasonable suspicions that Chongryon schools are intervening beyond the limit and under control that distorts the initiative of education.
At the meeting, Abe told Trump, "It is important for the country to continue introducing high-performance equipment, including U.S. equipment, in order to cope with the tough security environment," Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga told a press conference.
The increase apparently reflects an increase in the number of foreigners living in Japan, such as those who study or work in the country.
The maximum instantaneous wind speed of 56.2 meters, the sharpest on record, was observed at 10 a.m. in Nanjo, Okinawa Prefecture, just before 1 p.m. on Greenwich Mean Time.
The company, which is undergoing business reconstruction, plans to adopt in April 2019 1,500 employees, or a little over 1.7 times the 18-year spring performance, the same level as the company's April 2015 recruitment before its accounting fraud came to light.
The government has adjusted in the direction of compiling a supplementary budget in the two stages. (Jiji Press)--The first supplementary measure will focus on restoration from recent natural disasters, such as a massive earthquake in Hokkaido last month, while the second one will focus on disaster-related projects.
The Japanese automaker had dissolved its capital alliance with Toyota in August to seek a new partner.
The proposed lump-sum payments will also be paid to those who have agreed to the infertility surgery and those who underwent other types of surgery, such as hysterectomies.
Nemuro, Hokkaido, Oct. 5 (Jiji Press)--A joint public-private research team on Japan-Russia joint economic activities on the disputed four Northern Islands returned to Nemuro port in Hokkaido on Friday after finishing their activities there.
Toshiyuki Matsumori, director of the Japan Meteorological Agency's Earthquake and Tsunami Monitoring Division, said that ground activity in the region will continue for the time being.
The 50 pct, or 50 pct, who runs agriculture in the Tomizato district of the town of Atsuma, where four people died in mudslides, joined the 39 pct, or 39 pct, at the time of the disaster.
The IOC last month asked the Tokyo Organizing Committee to move up the start time for the event, the officials said, adding that the boat federation has an intention to end the event in the morning in order to protect its athletes from the heat of midsummer.
"The trend of the world trying to reduce the slaughter," he said.
The company saw its operating revenue grow only slightly due to the closure of unprofitable outlets, while net profit grew 35.8 pct to 30.3 billion yen, thanks to a profit from sales of supersubsidiaries in Hong Kong, it said.
In the February survey, Japan ranked top, along with Singapore, in the latest rankings, as Myanmar exempted from visas for Japanese tourists in the month.
Uny Famima aims to concentrate management resources on its core convenience store business by separating its slumping supermarket operations.
Tokyo, Oct. 11 (Jiji Press)--Some 90 pct of 380 municipalities that have been asked by the Ministry of Internal Affairs and Communications to review "furusato nozei," a system for making donations to local governments, plan to review such items as requested, a Jiji Press survey showed Thursday.
According to a business plan submitted by the metropolitan government to the Ministry of Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries in August, the amount of fishery products handled at the Toyosu market in fiscal 2023 is estimated at 616,400 tons, up 60 pct from that at the Tsukiji market in fiscal 2017.
The survey also showed that 56.8 pct of people who keep their pet said they would go to evacuation centers without fail, while 10 pct said they would not go to evacuation centers because they were with their pet.
The G-20 members face trade friction between members, but the disagreement should be resolved directly by members related to the friction, he said.
In order to prevent excessive refunds, the internal affairs ministry has issued a notice to each local government that calls for curbing the procurement prices of the refunds to 30 pct or less of the amount of the donations.
Aeon and Fuji will work on joint procurement of the products, as well as jointly developing private brand products for sale in the Shikoku and Chugoku regions, where Fuji is based.
Besides Ehime, Fuji operates a total of more than 90 general supermarkets and food supermarkets in Kagawa, Kochi and the three Shikoku prefectures of Tokushima, as well as Hiroshima and the Chugoku region of Yamaguchi.
The final ruling found Kumamoto District Court and Fukuoka High Court both denied the credibility of the confessions in the retrial hearing, although they were found guilty only based on confessions made during the investigation stage of 2000.
In Taki Chemicals, a researcher who was studying mushrooms at the university had started research on fully artificial cultivation of Vacamatsutake about six years ago.
On the reason for the decision to introduce the system, the ministry explained that it is necessary to introduce a missile that can be handled safely by SDF personnel from outside the threat zone of the other party.
The project to release crested ibises started in 2008, with a total of 308 birds released so far in Japan.
As for the trading method, the ministry will conduct field research on three types, such as the auction method, which is concluded when the prices of buy orders match those of sell orders.
In fiscal 16 and fiscal 2017, the Board of Inspection examined a total of 110 tunnels that the three companies are checking, but none of them was checked by fiberscope.
Of the 727.5 billion yen, the costs include disposal of disaster waste, financial support for affected small and midsize companies and restoration support for the Kansai International Airport Liaison Bridge, which was damaged by a tanker swept through a large typhoon.
Of them, 21 groups have confirmed damage, 11 said it is difficult to investigate, and 14 said it is under investigation.
He is expected to present a specific negotiating target with Japan 30 days before the start of the negotiations.
The system failure occurred on Oct. 9 on one of the four lines linking the TSE's trading system with securities companies.
The government will thus call on cardholders and payment service companies to cut fees during the period.
He played in the Olympics for the fourth consecutive time since the 2004 Olympic Games.
The government hopes to finish the panel's screenings by the end of the week on the draft of the amendment, which is intended to be submitted to the Diet by the end of next week by the LDP and its coalition partner, New Komeito.
The total number of visitors to stores fell 2.6 pct to 1,343.28 million, down for the first time in two months, but purchases per visiting customer grew 6.3 pct to 623 yen, reflecting the demand, the ministry said.
In the report, the lending attitude of financial institutions has eased due to large-scale monetary easing, with lending increasing mainly at companies with relatively low credit standing.
In September 2012, a law aimed at realizing the initiative was enacted.
The blackout in Hokkaido was caused mainly by the suspension of all three units of Hokkaido Electric's Tomato-Atsuga thermal power plant, which had covered about half of power consumption in the road until the Sept. 6 earthquake, after the disaster, as well as the suspension of hydropower plants due to power transmission line damage.
Meanwhile, prices continued to rise in civil engineering, building services and job placement services on the back of labor shortages.
Of the 538 offices in Japan that conducted the survey, six in the manufacturing sector were found to have had a total of eight people who developed this cancer.
The test delivery was conducted some 9 kilometers between the post office in the city of Minamisoma and the post office in the town of Namie.
Ayako paid respects in the same way at the Imperial Cemetery, which honors the spirits of the past Emperor and members of the Imperial family, and the Temple, which honors all the goddlike in the country.
The Japanese side will continue to strongly urge China to ease the ban, aiming to realize the easing until Chinese President Xi Jinping's visit to Japan, which is expected to come as early as next year.
The Imperial couple attended the event almost every time since the first Games, held in Oita Prefecture, western Japan, in 1981.
The Trump administration has complained that Japan has tariff and nontariff barriers in the fields of automobiles, agriculture and services, with fierce discussions expected between the two sides over these areas, observers said.
Hitachi and SBI hope to offer a variety of new services, such as business advice to customers and the prevention of unauthorized payments, by utilizing the huge amount of settlement data.
Some 47,000 SDF troops and 9,500 U.S. troops will take part in such drills as ballistic missile defense and remote island defense.
Under the current international taxation rules, the government cannot impose taxes in principle on foreign companies that do not have such bases as factories and branches within their jurisdiction.
An interim report on digital taxation compiled in March by the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development, or OECD, calls for reviewing the principle.
Following Abe's congratulatory speech, the Crown Prince stood in a toil chair and said, "Help each other and build a bright family that can never stop being comical."
Of the four components of the index, those for living conditions deteriorated for the second straight month, while those for income growth and employment conditions deteriorated, respectively.
Meanwhile, KDDI, which is strengthening its operations in areas other than its core, such as settlement services and online mail-order sales, will use Rakuten's logistics base to streamline its logistics and delivery operations.
There was a case in 2005 in which two F-15 fighter jets belonging to the Chitose base in Hokkaido came into contact during combat training.
Aiming to strengthen ties with related organizations, a total of 142 municipalities took part in the meeting, surpassing the previous 59.
This will be the first time for Japan to recover supplies from the ISS. (Jiji Press)--Japan has so far been limited to the United States and Russia.
The government plans to take steps to ensure that the three major carriers and mobile distributors will properly display their ads.
In a joint press statement after the meeting, Abe explained that the two sides agreed that full implementation of U.N. Security Council resolutions against North Korea is necessary for the full denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula.
The government officials said that the large-scale consecutive holidays are intended to help increase the mood of people to celebrate the Crown Prince's accession to the throne and reduce the impact on people's lives due to the enactment of the yuan from the current Heisei era, which will also take place on May 1.
At the meeting, Abe and Pence agreed that full implementation of a U.N. Security Council resolution against North Korea is necessary for the full denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula.
The RCEP, if concluded, would create an economic zone that accounts for half of the world's population and 30 pct of the world's trade and gross domestic product.
He asked the country, which maintains import restrictions on Japanese food products, to scrap and ease the restrictions as soon as possible.
The area has eight livestock storage facilities, with a total of some 8,500 pork and wild boars, according to the ministry.
Of the total, the figures for Chugoku and Shikoku rose 5.9 points to 64.7 pct and those for Chubu rose 4.0 points to 76.0 pct.
The company's president and its captain are suspected to have failed to carry out work to check the total weight of the aircraft in violation of rules set by the Civil Aviation Act and other laws before takeoff and flew over the aircraft without exceeding the weight, according to the officials.
On the law to promote women's participation in the workforce, the ministry aims to expand the scope to include companies with 101 or more employees in drawing up action plans that are currently mandatory for companies with 301 or more employees.
In October, Japan's trade balance with China was 406.2 billion yen, up 52.1 pct and the seventh straight month of deficit, reflecting growth in clothing and mobile phone imports.
In its proposal in May, the LDP had been calling on the government to consider including in the guidelines the acquisition of the ability to attack enemy bases, which is necessary to attack ballistic missiles and other weapons that target Japan.
At its board meeting on Thursday, Nissan will submit a proposal to lift the post of chairman and representative director of the suspects by 2000.
As for the future, digitalization of the Russian economy and industries will be a new priority, he said, showing hopes for Japanese high-tech industries to expand investment and promote technical cooperation with Russia.
The recommendations also call on the government to narrow the scope of the planned premium-based gift vouchers to low-income households, child-rearing households and others.
According to the sources, the Japanese side proposed that private-sector companies should leave everything related to the future of Rengo to private-sector companies, with no objections from the French side.
The team, led by Prof. Olympus and Prof. Olympus, will inject some 2 million nerve progenitor cells, which have been changed from iPS cells, into the damaged sites of the four patients, who were two or four weeks after the injury.
Abe hailed the country's recent lifting of a ban on imports to rice grown in Niigata Prefecture, western Japan, soon after the severe accident at Tokyo Electric Power Co.'s <9501> disaster-stricken Fukushima No. 1 nuclear plant in northeastern Japan in the wake of the March 2011 tsunami.
At a press conference, Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga said, "We want the work to proceed after fully ensuring safety and giving utmost consideration to the natural and living environment."
In 2016, a dish using pork meat was selected, and in 2017, a dish using chicken breast meat was selected.
In goods trade, Japan posted a trade deficit of 321.7 billion yen, the first deficit in two months, with growth in imports outpacing growth in exports.
In July-December, a Chinese court sentenced a man in Aichi Prefecture to 12 years in prison, a man in Kanagawa Prefecture, west of Tokyo, to five years in prison, and a woman in Tokyo to six years in prison.
In October, orders from manufacturers grew 12.3 pct, with strong demand from oil and coal product makers and automakers standing out.
According to the elementary school, the number of evacuations from the schoolyard for children totaled 693 times in the past year.
In addition, the company's president has expressed a willingness to integrate its division to make Mitsubishi Regional Jets, the first Japanese-made small passenger jet, and its division to make its main wings for Boeing aircraft, the sources said.
Of the total, 60 F35A planes are air force-specific, with the remaining being the Marine Corps-specific F35B.
The number will rise by 4,500 to 9,000, while the number of support staff to help teachers prepare for classes will rise by 600 to 3,600.
Asked about the content of the support in multiple answers, a majority cited "welfare and nursing care," followed by "cultural, art and sports promotion," "child and youth development, and child rearing support."
In February 2017, the government announced the start of clinical research for PGS, planning to continue the clinical research.
Meanwhile, Japanese Finance Minister Fumio Aso and Health, Labor and Welfare Minister Takumi Nemoto agreed that the central government will cover all of the financial resources for the grant of early childhood education and child care, starting in October 2019, and the central and local governments will in principle cover one-half of the costs for the first half year.
Construction costs for the Shinkansen line will first be appropriated for loan fees paid by JR companies for the use of the facilities, with the remaining two-thirds to be paid by the central government and the rest by local governments.
Tamaki told reporters, "Municipalities are obliged to carry out the prefecture's referendum."
At the Japan-U.S. summit meeting, Reagan expressed his intention to partially lift trade sanctions on Japan, which have already been lifted eight days later.
There are also concerns about the impact of the Japanese government's decision to effectively remove the Chinese communications equipment product from the contract, the market sources said.
The Japanese economy was supported by growing overseas economies and brisk exports stemming from the yen's weakening, which allowed the economy to expand for a long time, leading to a rise in stock prices and an increase in employment.
The ministry will develop online Japanese-language materials worth 100 million yen for foreigners living on remote islands and other places where face-to-face Japanese classes are difficult to use.
In the suit, Bombardier claims that a Mitsubishi Heavy subsidiary adopted a former employee of the company and misused confidential information related to passenger aircraft certification for the development of a small jet, the Mitsubishi Regional Jet.
Following the Oct. 30 ruling, a series of rulings by South Korea's Supreme Court have ordered Japanese companies to pay compensation for their wartime labor.
In the response, the ministry urged medical institutions to use telephone interpreters and asked core facilities to deploy dedicated medical interpreters.
In battery operations, such as those for electric vehicles, Japanese makers have maintained technical superiority, however, competition with South Korean and Chinese makers has intensified in recent years.
Human Holdings operates more than 1,300 classrooms in Japan, becoming one of the largest robotics classes in Japan to teach more than 22,000 children.
Supervising organizations, in principle, are required to allow trainees to take Japanese language and daily life-related training sessions for the two months.
Following the acquisition, NEC intends to combine its own bioidentification and artificial intelligence and AI technologies with KMC's TSUV services for the administration.
Meanwhile, a total of 90 pct said that the Japan-U.S. security treaty is "extremely important" or "to some extent important" for U.S. security, up 3 points.
The survey was conducted by a U.S. research company over the phone in March this year.
According to the defense, the defendant said, "If there is such a place, I would like to speak in court."
Meanwhile, major tobacco companies have been focusing on sales of heated tobacco products in recent years.
The prefectural government has set up a statue of Ruffi on the site of the prefectural government, with some 1,500 fans visiting the unveiling ceremony in November 2018.
Kazuo Shii, chairman of the Japanese Communist Party, expressed his resolve to end the move to amend the constitution, saying, "Abe, who has been playing down the constitution, is not eligible to change the constitution."
"To firmly deepen talks with South Korea, it is possible that exchange of confidential records with each other depends on the course of the talks," Iwaya told a press conference.
Abe has visited the Netherlands since March 2014 and Britain since April 2017.
The U.S. coast guard and the U.S. Navy are also investigating the accident.
The Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry plans to cut the purchase price to around 8.50 yen in fiscal 2022 in order to curb an increase in costs for purchases stemming from an increase in the use of renewable energy sources.
Noting that six Japanese start-up companies supported by the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry are participating in the CES, Seko said, "We want to increase the number of such Japanese companies by continuing support."
Even in industrial activities seen to be less affected by the disaster, shipments of lithium-ion batteries to the United States and production and shipments of machinery for production declined.
The number of bankruptcies fell in seven of the 10 industries.
In South Korea, "Infinity Q502.2 d" was sold in 2014, followed by "Qashqai" in 1516.
In the middle of the Meiji era, however, medical schools were scrapped one after another due to financial hardship, according to Jiji Press.
In December, prices of petroleum and coal products rose 4.7 pct, a smaller increase than the previous month's 14.2 pct rise.
The existing law stipulates airspace where drones are not allowed to fly and flight regulations, but there is no provision that requests reports from pilots separately from police investigations in the event of accidents.
Over drones, the government's panel of experts is discussing new rules to strengthen safety measures, such as making it mandatory to conduct checks before flights and prohibiting flights when drunk.
Meanwhile, 28.9 pct said they want to work even after 66 years, while 24.9 pct said they "want to live in an economy-oriented life" and 24.9 pct said they think they lack living costs if they do not continue working, exceeding half of the economic reasons.
By gender, the job offer rate stood at 87.5 for male students, up 2.3 points, and 88.5 for female students, up 1.5 points.
The job offer rate came to 87.7 pct for students majoring in liberal arts, up 2.0 points, and 89.0 pct for those in science.
At their meeting in Argentina in December, the two leaders agreed to start the talks under a new framework headed by Taro Kono and Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov.
At the previous meeting, Abe and Putin instructed officials to make full-fledged progress in the collaboration for the start of joint economic activities on the four Northern Islands.
A meeting of the two leaders, with only interpreters, was also held between a small-group meeting and a working dinner.
If Japan makes repeated similar flights, "we will respond strongly in line with our response behavior rules," the chief of the operations said.
Of them, 368 were caused by product glitches, and 209 of them were products subject to recalls.
As for his own responsibility, the president said only, "It is the biggest responsibility to step up compliance with laws and regulations."
Meanwhile, Nito did not clarify whether he will abide by the 2.5 pct cap although he said he will "set an upper limit" in fiscal 20 and later.
Data distribution is allowed free in principle in the United States. Here in Japan, the transfer of personal information data requires the consent of the person in principle.
Those eligible for the relocation support will live in more than the latest five years, including the three prefectures of Saitama, Chiba and Kanagawa, which are next to the Tokyo metropolitan area, commuting to and from within Tokyo's 23 densely populated areas and moving outside the metropolitan area.
Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga told a press conference the same day that Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Sadatsuka was present at the hearing in question and that he plans not to have ministry officials attend the upcoming new hearing.
White goods purchased using the country's home electronics eco-point program, implemented in 0911, will be replaced shortly.
The catch cap for each of the 47 prefectures has been set based on past catch results and other data.
At a press conference, Japanese Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga said that South Korea's action is "extremely problematic." (Jiji Press)--Japan has been "implementing all the measures promised" in the Japan-South Korea agreement, and "We want to continue strongly calling on the South Korean side to implement the measures steadily."
In the revised measures, the ministry put emphasis on providing information and strengthening measures to guide foreign visitors to Japan to evacuate smoothly in the event of earthquakes during the 2020 Tokyo Olympics and Paralympics.
The ministry estimated that strong jolts of lower 6 to upper 7 on the Japanese seismic intensity scale will occur in wide areas from the Kanto eastern region to the Kyushu southwestern region.
Karatsu, Saga Pref., Feb. 2 (Jiji Press)--Nuclear disaster prevention drills were held near the Genkai nuclear power plant in Saga Prefecture, southwestern Japan, on Saturday, marking the first such drills since the restart of the No. 3 and No. 4 reactors last year.
The Emperor and the new Emperor will not be involved in the selection process for the new era.
In an attempt to lure families, the museum will focus on exhibitions and events for children.
By 2010, Ginchi was detained for about five months by armed forces in Afghanistan by Kurdish local government authorities in Iraq as early as 16 years.
"If the system leads to a reduction in work and an improvement in labor shortages," said Ginginginchiku of the Japan Center for Aquaculture Seedling, while Ginchiku also said that the university aims to automatify the selection work itself in the future.
In June and later, the local government will have to limit the returned goods to "local products with procurement amounts of 30 pct or less of the amount of donations."
Prices rose 409 of the 744 items surveyed and fell 266.
In clinical research and clinical trial studies using iPS cells, a team led by government-affiliated organizations and Riken conducted the world's first transplant for intractable diseases in 2014.
In the global auto industry, production of electric vehicles has been speeding up thanks to tighter environmental regulations.
The next-generation model of the vehicle model currently produced in Britain will be produced mainly in North America.
In Iwate, support staff for civil engineering and other experts will continue to be necessary, but it is becoming difficult to secure such staff from other local governments at a time when large-scale disasters are taking place across the country, he said.
Tokyo, Feb. 21 (Jiji Press)--The total amount of damage from special frauds, such as furikome scams, in Japan in 2018 fell 9.6 pct from a year earlier to 35.68 billion yen, down for the fourth straight year, a National Police Agency tally showed Thursday.
The sample part-to-part replacement method tends to pay more than the total replacement.
Those who pass the exam will be able to visit government ministries and agencies except on July 17 and Aug. 2, when the final interview test will be conducted.
The ministries and agencies will examine examinees who have visited before the final pass is announced, and offer job offers from Aug. 21, the day after the final pass is announced.
Still, Tamaki will inform the prime minister and the U.S. president of the results of the vote, based on the prefectural people's voting ordinance.
The rise reflected labor shortages, with road freight transportation fees rising 3.1 pct and worker dispatch service fees rising 2.9 pct.
As an exception, there is already a mechanism in which banks can conditionally own a 5 pct stake in struggling companies in order to rebuild their management.
But there are concerns that the environment will deteriorate due to waste liquid generated during the cleaning process, as the sanitary environment is not secured.
As of the end of March last year, there were 723 such three types of cross-sections and 2,726 four types of cross-sections across the country.
In addition, the industrial machinery shipment index dropped 4.0 pct to 99.2, due mainly to a drop in shipments of transport and production machinery, the ministry said.
Among the charges, violations of the law to prevent prostitution and violations of the law against child prostitution and pornography were prominent, according to the data.
"For peace on the Korean Peninsula, we will also strengthen cooperation with Japan," Moon said in an English version of the speech.
In addition to Ginginginginginginginchiku Prof., Ginginginchiku University Prof. and others will be involved in the donation course to study "optical grid watches," which are extremely precise.
By 2000 defendants have been indicted for violating the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act, allegedly underreporting their compensation, as well as for a special breach of trust that allegedly caused damage to Nissan.
At the plant, Nissan is considering reducing its production line for the Qashqai sport-utility vehicle and the Leaf electric vehicle to two shifts from three, according to Sky News.
Last month, the company retracted part of its production plan at the plant in order to shift production to Japan.
In its structural reforms announced in November 2017, Mizuho FG had indicated its intention to cut the number of its employees by 19,000 by fiscal 2026 and reduce the number of its group's some 500 business bases to some 400 by fiscal 2024.
The company is also considering a suspension of around a few weeks for three other domestic and overseas plants.
By region, Suntory may change the advisability and the size of price increases, according to the company's president.
The number of bankruptcies dropped at six of the 10 industry sectors surveyed, including retailers and manufacturers.
Nissan started full-fledged internal investigations in June in response to a whistle-blowing complaint by the 2020 defendant over the alleged misconduct and provided information to prosecutors as well, according to the sources.
A combined 25 pct said they "know well" and "know to some extent" about cyberinsurance recognition.
In a survey conducted last year by the Internal Affairs and Communications Ministry's Fire and Disaster Management Agency, about 30 pct of the country's 332 fire headquarters that set their response policy when they are asked to suspend their resuscitations said they will cancel their resuscitations under certain conditions.
At a meeting of the House of Representatives Financial and Financial Services Committee on Tuesday, Japanese Finance Minister Taro Aso cited retaliatory measures such as the addition of tariffs, the suspension of remittances and the suspension of visa inspections.
Orders from manufacturers fell 1.9 pct, marking the third straight month of negative growth, reflecting sluggish demand from electrical machinery makers and information and communications machinery makers.
Pointing to the company's corporate culture, which puts priority on term payments, and the management team's lack of quality compliance awareness and other factors, Kobe Steel's "criminal responsibility is heavy," the judge concluded, saying that it was a "habitual crime."
Subaru Kogyo will withdraw from the movie business, focusing on road repair and cleaning operations.
At a press conference, Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga expressed his policy to make efforts to promote the use of the My Number cards.
The Egyptian military is continuing its minesweeping operations while working with the Israeli military.
Since around April, the ministry plans to launch the first nationwide survey on foreign children's entry to school, asking local governments to cooperate in the survey.
Emperor Akihito will be offered his last words after Abe delivered his "National Representative's Speech."
The chief cabinet secretary said, "We are determined to decisively condemn the latest despicable terror attacks and work closely with New Zealand, Australia and the international community to fight terrorism."
The company has decided to shift to pepper lunch restaurants for two of the remaining four.
The author is believed to be a researcher in such fields as national literature, literature, Japanese history and history of the East.
The government is considering a plan to drive some 77,000 lumps into the soft ground, but the government estimates it will take three years and eight months for ground improvement work.
The survey was conducted by the Health, Labor and Welfare Ministry for all 8,417 hospitals across the country, with 47.3 pct of 3,980 responding.
The proposals will be reflected in an integrated innovation strategy to be compiled around June and an AI strategy to be drawn up by summer.
The proceeds will mainly be used to procure parts for production of the latest model of U.S. Apple Inc.'s iPhone iPhone iPhone, a key Japan Display client, and to pay off funds.
The DI represents the percentage of companies that said their business conditions are "good" minus that of those who said they are "bad."
On March 14 this year, the government asked scholars specializing in Japanese literature, Chinese literature, Japanese history and Toyo history to devise new gengo.
The operator of the Yodobashi Camera store plans to buy all outstanding shares in the target company, including those held by investment fund Advantage Partners, which currently has ICI Ishii Sports under its wing.
Three of the seven indicators, which can currently be compared with the previous month's levels, such as "durable consumer goods shipments," improved.
Abe said, "We will confirm close cooperation for the success of the G-20 Osaka summit and further strengthen our cooperative relationship with other countries."
According to the team, an image of a black hole inside a ring of bright glowing gas was obtained at the center of the M87 after about two years of work to analyze data obtained with a technology enough to identify a golf ball placed on the moon surface from the earth.
The company bought a cruise used by the family members of the suspects. (Jiji Press)--According to informed sources, the questioning apparently sought explanations about the flow of funds and the course of the cruise purchase.
The leasing company, Orix, said last week that it started a new business to support business succession.
The track-and-field pictogram was designed with one leg of a player at the time of the start with a artificial leg, while even in a competitive pictogram, one arm was designed to have a disabled player.
An official of the agency said, "The package, such as LED bulbs, shows which type of lighting equipment can be attached to," or "Even if it is already installed, we want distributors and others to check whether it is the right combination or if they are uneasy."
Sharp expects demand from design firms and other firms as it can clearly display detailed letters and design drawing when it launches the three big pad models.
The amount fell to 4,500 yen or 9,000 yen per month from 7,000 yen or 13,000 yen per plaintiff in the trial ruling.
The company also said that it will offer this summer an app that will allow users to read posted works, which can also be read as e-books as well as works by well-known authors, such as NikkiKinjo.
A one-time supplementary resolution by Emperor Akihito of the law stipulates that "the government will promptly examine the matter after the effectuation of the law on April 30 this year, when Emperor Akihito will step down, and report the results to the Diet, or Japan's parliament, swiftly."
In December last year, the central government agency had agreed not to procure equipment with unauthorized functions, apparently bearing in mind China's Huawei Technology Faway and Nakakodori ZTE.
Kono said, "Japan and the United States will strengthen bilateral cooperation, including in new areas, and further strengthen the alliance."
"Demand from the manufacturing and construction industries was solid, but we were unable to meet such demand," Tetsuren said.
For many years, Japanese companies have adopted new graduates from universities as candidates for management positions in the future and unified their recruitment schedules in a way led by Keidanren.
The network has held an international conference once a year to nurture female politicians and strengthen ties between politicians.
Suga said, "We now see various obstacles to expanding exports further."
The crater, estimated to be 10 meters in diameter, is the first in the world to have succeeded in artificial crater generation on an asteroid, according to JAXA.
The first of the three was Emperor Akihito's abstention ceremony, called "Taito Reishoden no Gi," which is the first such ceremony in the history of the constitution.
Crown Prince Naruhito, 59, will take over the status of the Emperor, which is stipulated in the constitution as "a symbol of Japan and a symbol of the unity of the Japanese people," on Wednesday.
"If Nippon Steel's assets become unfairly sold, they would be unacceptable, and the Japanese government sees the situation even more serious," he said.
Companies with many female executives tend to be more profitable than those that do not.
The organizing committee has already held briefings in the cities of Sapporo, Hokkaido and Oita, where many foreigners are expected to visit, among the 12 host cities.
Wang did not mention the intended launch, saying, "It is important to resolve the issue through political dialogue, such as the U.S.-North Korea dialogue."
Of the companies that responded to the survey, 62.5 pct said they will be "proactive" and 20.4 pct said they will "work with some human resources," in order to improve the share of midsize employees in the future.
For the year from this year to March 2020, Moss Food expects its net profit to recover to one billion yen, while planning to accelerate its store expansion in Asia while reducing its domestic outlets.
The gold coin was topped with Hoso and Zuigun, which symbolize Emperor Akihito, and the copper coin topped with "Takamikura," which is used in October for Emperor Naruhito's Accession to the Throne.
At the beginning of the meeting, Upper House President Wallenna Matvienko of the Russian Federation Council read on behalf of Vladimir Putin's message stressing, "Relations between regions are very important also in relations between the two countries."
Tokyo, May 14 (Jiji Press)--Japanese Foreign Minister Taro Kono said Tuesday he will consider countermeasures over Iran, which is at odds with the United States, scrambling the Strait of Hormuz in the Persian Gulf.
Watami plans to start by nurturing human resources who work at its own stores, as well as helping foreigners acquire new residence status and developing human resources who work at other companies.
"Peace and stability in the Middle East is important for the global economy, the global situation, and a vital area for our country, which depends on energy," Abe said.
Asahi Breweries Ltd. launched its "Kyokuto Kiretsuke" beer in January this year, raising its sales target to 4 million cases in April from 3 million a year due to brisk sales.
An increase in tax revenue due to the economic recovery is not enough to increase spending, and the agency's surplus and other nontax revenue needs to be appropriated.
In the job market for new graduates, the number of job offers far exceeded that of job applicants.
The proportion of job openings for university graduates was down 0.2 point at 97.3 pct for boys and down 0.8 point at 97.8 pct for girls.
Capital spending was also down 0.3 pct, as companies are increasingly refraining from making investments amid difficulties in outlook for foreign demand.
The 1965 pact stipulates that if a "dispute" between Japan and South Korea cannot be resolved in the bilateral talks, the settlement will be left to an arbitration committee comprising three members--a panel appointed by the two countries and a third-party panel.
Exports to China fell 6.3 pct to 1,0232.9 billion yen, down for the second straight month and substantially reducing exports of semiconductor production equipment.
During the severe accident, at least 99 cases were caused by the wrong use of a stove and others, of which 92 occurred at a stove with no cooking oil heating prevention device or cancellation safety device.
By category, sales of "transport and mail" services rose 1.2 pct, and those of "various services" such as civil engineering and construction services rose 1.1 pct.
The revised law also requires vehicles to be equipped with devices to record their operational conditions and store the records in order to detect system glitches early and identify the causes of the accidents.
If the FCA joins the three companies' unions, the integrated body will become the world's largest automaker with global sales of over 15 million units.
So far, the company has been working to introduce solar power generation facilities at some plants in Gunma and to introduce electricity from renewable energy sources at Utsunomiya Works, which manufactures the aircraft.
Insurance is applied to tests using the system for some cancer patients, such as ending "standard treatment," which is widely recognized as effective, such as surgery and radiation treatment.
Shiseido will step up sales of its own middle-price products through a broad sales network with 15,000 outlets, mainly in China and other parts of Asia.
Amid a spate of child abuse cases, the disciplined right, which is allowed within the scope necessary for children's education and supervision, has been misused to justify the abuse of their parents over the children, it has been pointed out.
Three of the five areas in the park will open in autumn 22 and the remaining two in about a year.
The Osaka prefectural police department reduced the purchase prices of officers and staff to a discretionary level by purchasing a large number of models with reduced functions.
The United Nations estimates that the global population of people aged 60 or older will reach 2 billion in 2050, or 20 pct of the total population.
The company will operate the entire line between Shin-Sugita and Kanazawa Yakkei every 10 minutes, with the number of trains running around 35 pct less than usual.
According to the bill, municipalities hoping to join the initiative will set up a forum with the central government and private-sector companies to draw up plans that include deregulation measures necessary to realize the concept and apply to the central government after gaining the consent of local residents.
Meanwhile, the number of bankruptcies grew by nine to 224 in the service sector, mainly in the restaurant sector, where labor shortages are serious, and by three to 24 in the transport sector.
Nissin aims to partially replace petrochemical-derived plastic with plant-derived ones and raise the proportion of renewable resources used in cup noodles containers to 81 pct from the previous level of 71 pct.
Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga told a press conference Wednesday, "The Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency, or JAXA, plans to put sensors made by the Defense Ministry on advanced optical satellites, which are scheduled to be launched in fiscal 2020, for a demonstration study."
Also on the relationship between Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe's visit to Iran and the attacks, Suga said only, "The visit was meaningful from the perspective of easing tensions in the region as the Iranian side highly appreciates it."
According to the survey, 50.1 pct said they have asked people who think the mandatory five-day paid leave is enough to choose with multiple answers, "because the current holidays are enough."
Of those who said they were single because they did not meet suitable people, 61.4 pct said they "did nothing in particular" about actions to look for them.
The measures include considering preferential treatment for the transfer procedures if technical intern trainees, who will shift to the new Specified Skilled Worker No. 1, work at the same company as before.
Exports of semiconductor and other production equipment dropped 30.4 pct, reflecting a drop in demand in such countries as China and South Korea.
By 2000 suspects are suspected to have provided a total of some 69 million yen to the client side in July 2016 and January this year to cover losses incurred in foreign exchange margin trading for eight clients of the company.
"If the purpose of the Nazca's ground painting becomes clear, we will identify and compare the birds offered to the Shinto in a religious ceremony and the birds drawn on the earthenware used daily," said an associate professor at the university.
The Empress Michiko arrived at the hospital around 1:30 a.m. on Sunday at 10:30 a.m. and left the hospital around 4:30 p.m.
The measures also included active use of online surveys in order to reduce administrative burdens and improve the survey response rate.
Early Friday morning, the Imperial couple inspected the University of Warsaw and the country's Old Quarter and Old Royal Palace, respectively.
In a press document released after the Japan-Russia summit, the Japanese government only said, "We welcome the two countries' continued active negotiations on the determination to accelerate peace treaty negotiations based on the 1956 Japan-Russia joint declaration."
The smartphone was originally scheduled to go on sale in late May, but the launch was suspended due to the possible impact of the U.S. government's sanctions on Huawei.
Users will first take photos of their skin using a dedicated smartphone app to measure the amount of sebum and water.
As of the end of 2018, 376 of the country's 728 fire headquarters had introduced a special version of VoiceTra, which can be compatible with 15 languages such as English, Chinese and Korean.
Meanwhile, the domestic stock market was sluggish, and the GPIF posted a deficit of 2,073.2 billion yen in investment in Japanese stocks, the first such deficit in three years.
According to the Japanese Foreign Ministry, there have been cases in which those who entered Russia from Vladivostok and attempted to leave Moscow to a third country face fines for attempting to leave the country illegally.
At Self-Style GS, employees will be allowed to refuel after checking whether they are ready for customers in their offices.|If the permission can be issued from tablet computers, employees will be able to leave their offices and do other work, the sources said.
Even after construction, the system can cope with office relocations and changes in sales floor lays, the sources said.
It asked Internet connection providers to block connections to pirated sites on a voluntary basis.
The metropolitan government will take disciplinary action against related officials, as well as consider demanding compensation from them.
Tokyo, July 18 (Jiji Press)--Japanese Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry sources said Thursday that the ministry will sell aircraft parts made by Japanese companies to the company for electric airplanes envisioned by U.S. aircraft giant Boeing Co.
The statement said, "Our government can discuss with the Japanese side reasonable measures that can win the understanding of the people of the two countries and victims, including measures to achieve a peaceful solution to the problems that have already been presented."
The rise in the average annual pay "appears to reflect hasty pay hikes and improved treatment" in order to secure manpower, it said.
In its written opinion, South Korea claimed that in addition to weapons of mass destruction in third countries, export controls designed to prevent diversion to conventional weapons are strictly implemented.
Japan's Defense Ministry said, "No flight of ballistic missiles to our country's territory or exclusive economic zone, or EEZ, has been confirmed, and so far no situation has been confirmed that it will immediately affect our country's security."
At a report meeting after the latest ruling, the chief of the plaintiffs, Michinichi, 71, criticized the ruling.
Suga said, "It is important for Japan and South Korea to work together in all of the issues that should be worked out."
Through the business alliance, the company will promote research and development by combining JTEKT's manufacturing technologies with AI-related deep planning and deep learning technologies through connection design, aiming to create new fields of business.
Specifically, the proposal is expected to show the Japanese side's argument to Chinese and South Korean researchers so that the groundless claim will no longer be made.
Production at manufacturing industries is projected to rise 2.7 pct in July and 0.6 pct in August, the ministry said.
Kuroda indicated the possibility that the European and U.S. central banks will take a "precautionary easing" step as they are stepping up their easing stance.
The WCPFC, which has 26 member economies, comprises 10 of them.
A U.S. Department of State official called on the two Asian allies to respond calmly, saying, "Thoughtful consideration will be sought so that the tensions will not hurt the economic, security ties between Japan and South Korea."
North Korea fired short-range ballistic missiles on July 25 and flying daisies into the Sea of Japan as early as Wednesday and Friday.
The Agency for Cultural Affairs has adopted some 78 million yen in subsidies for the international art festival, including the special exhibition.
In the reporting month, the ministry returned the method to a full-scale survey for the first time in about 15 and a half years from this time for large companies in Tokyo that were subject to the extract survey.
He said, "The cross embodies the hardships caused by the cruelty of the war and the war."
In a separate scene of the meeting with Abe, Esper criticized China for increasing its influence beyond the Asian region, saying, "It is destabilizing the region, military action and predatory economic action are threatening international rules."
An investigation report on the falsification issue said that the Kinki Finance Bureau strongly opposed the ministry's instruction by the Finance Bureau to make the falsification.
At least 20 of the 28 surveyed cases were infected via wild wild boars, according to the ministry.
Aircraft using Haneda used to fly over Tokyo Bay, but the new route also passes over central Tokyo areas such as Shibuya, Shinjuku and Shinagawa.
The number of bankruptcies increased at nine of the 10 industries surveyed.
The survey, to be conducted in fiscal 20, will include a wide range of items related to children, such as the rate of child poverty, as well as diet, learning skills and relationships with local communities, the officials said.
The move comes as the ministry aims to create attractive spaces in the city, along with compact urban development, in which houses, commercial facilities and other facilities are gathered in central areas, in a bid to cope with the country's falling population.
In a letter sent to U.S. President Donald Trump, North Korean leader Kim Jong Un expressed his intention to "slightly apologize" for the short-range missile launch and stop the launch after the end of Tuesday's military exercise between the United States and South Korea.
Ba went on to say, "Opposition parties other than Ishin should respond to discussions at a constitutional review panel set up to discuss the revised items."
"It's our mission to live in the current era to revise the constitution in line with the times," he said.
This time, popular "Tapioca milk tea" shops from Taiwan entered Japan, drawing fire to their popularity, industry sources said.
In recent years, Germany has put emphasis on relations with Japan as a partner that shares values, in response to the rise of China and the deterioration of its ties with U.S. President Donald Trump.
Tokyo, Aug. 21 (Jiji Press)--Japan's Ministry of Land, Infrastructure, Transport and Tourism said Wednesday it will allocate 24 of the 50 flights a day equivalent to the increased number of flights to and from Haneda airport to routes between Japan and the United States, up from March 2020.
The Aso region is popular among South Koreans who enjoy playing golf, with the number of golf customers usually increasing in winter.
Specifically, the service will allow users to check the behavior of elderly people in their rooms with the smartphones of nursing care providers and improve the efficiency of checking their safety at night.
Unofficial sites sometimes appear as ads on top of the Internet search results, and consumers sometimes access them by mistake with official sites, according to the center.
Tokyo, Aug. 28 (Jiji Press)--Japan's Health, Labor and Welfare Ministry said Wednesday that at 17 of the 44 institutions, the number of staff with disabilities was below the required level as of June 1 this year.
Sudanese, which has been suspended from the African Union and the AU, is allowed only to attend related meetings, with 53 African countries participating in the plenary session of the international conference.
As of the end of June, the proportion of all Recruit HD shares held by companies other than individual investors and institutional investors stood at over 30 pct.
The president said that Japan will more than double its budget for such areas from the current level in order to strengthen the competitiveness of such areas as materials and parts, for which the country has strengthened its export control.
Still, according to the survey as of June last year, only 116 of the country's 728 firefighting headquarters introduced the use of drones, while 72 had actually used them.
To avoid data mistransmission, users will be required not to e-mail the data to the court but to up-load the data to the dedicated system, according to the sources.
The insurance business law prohibits policyholders from failing to inform them of important matters, such as insurance premiums and compensation details, or allowing them to switch contracts without reporting disadvantageous facts.
In 2018, Toyota produced some 129,000 units at the plant, accounting for 8.5 pct of all vehicles it produces in Britain this year.
A company employee of the city of Osaka, who came with his family, 28 of 2000, said, "I came to buy a TV that I put in the living room in a last minute before the tax hike."
As for the impact of the latest tariff moves on the Japanese and global economies, Suga said, "We want to refrain from giving a prejudgment."
MaaS Global currently operates services in Finland, Belgium and Britain, aiming to offer them in Japan as well.
Five of the seven component indicators improved on the back of robust shipments and production related to automobiles.
The agency calls for "refraining from using to use and consulting with the closest medical institution if you develop a physical condition such as diarrhea after the use of ketongenne for health foods."
A proposal to increase the out-of-pocket payments of medical expenses under the health insurance system for the elderly to 20 pct from the current 10 pct has emerged, and out-of-pocket payments by users of nursing care services are being considered.
The Emperor is taking a position against the death penalty system, with remarks about Japan's capital punishment system drawing attention.
The average price was up 19.5 pct at 64.05 million yen, fueled by the rise due to the launch of relatively expensive condominiums in Tokyo's 23 densely populated Tokyo wards, such as the Olympic Village condominium.
The U.S. administration of President Barack Trump last year decided to toughen its screenings for foreign investors due to a sense of caution over China, which is rapidly emerging in the IT field and other fields.
In August this year, the Japanese government added 20 industries, such as integrated circuits, mobile phones and software, for sectors subject to mandatory prior notification for foreign capital.
By 2000 said, "Our stores focus on consultation operations," showing a negative view on the store reduction.
In Chiba Prefecture, the number came to a total of six people in severe cases requiring at least three weeks of hospitalization, 201 in those requiring short-term hospitalization and 289 in minor cases.
In the logistics industry, Yamato Holdings has already installed more than 4,000 units and Japan Post Co. has more than 300 delivery boxes.
The bereaved family members started on the street and on the blog to call for the indictment and severe punishment of the suspect, saying that the severe punishment for the perpetrator will lead to the prevention of any recurrence.
The current starting salary is 133,500 yen per month for SDF candidates with term of office and 169,900 yen for general cauldron candidates, who are in principle employed whole-time workers, both below the 171,200 yen set for police officers employed by the central government agency.
Meanwhile, the number of "targeted e-mail attacks" that send virus-mastering e-mails to steak important information from companies and other organizations rose 4.2 pct to 2,687 in the first half of this year.
In the middle of every month, the ministry released preliminary export and import results for the previous month, followed by additional releases of detailed export results by product name and other information.
Still, Knockin said, "Many people who shop at major supermarkets every day are questioning whether to go to small and midsize supermarkets at all times."
There were no overcharges for passengers who used the commuter tickets or paid in cash.
Under the policy, the government will also work to strengthen the production bases of the target products, support companies promoting overseas expansion and strengthen the competitiveness of domestic industries.
Abe told related government officials to do all he can to collect and analyze information on the latest missile launch, such as to provide the public with information quickly and accurately and to thoroughly check the safety of aircraft, ships and other items.
In September, the consumer confidence index was the biggest drop since February 2016, when the index fell 1.9 pct due to a slump in stock prices.
