The RCEP confirmed its policy of focusing on negotiations so that a ministerial meeting in Tokyo on July 1 can be held in Singapore in late November for a conclusion.
Fukushima, July 29 (Jiji Press)--Some facilities in J-Village, Fukushima Prefecture, a national soccer center facility that has been used for more than seven years as a base for responding to the March 2011 nuclear accident have resumed normal operations.
Evacuation advisories and evacuation orders were issued to the city of Hiroshima and many residents in areas affected by the torrential rain that started this month.
According to the outline, the peace declaration calls for establishing security that does not depend on nuclear weapons and other countries, at the same time as calling for the devastation of atomic bombings and the inhumanity of nuclear weapons.
The percentage of male smokers dropped 0.4 point to 27.8 pct, and that of female smokers dropped 0.3 point to 8.7 pct, both hitting a record low.
The MSDF plans to launch another Aegis ship in 2019 and the Kaiji Aegis ship will be eight ships in 21.
Berlin, July 29 (Jiji Press)--The Barna International Ballet Competition, one of the world's three major ballet contests, ranked second in the men's junior division at the 2000s and 180s from Japan.
In the Korean Peninsula situation, ministers have expressed their "welcome" to the North-South summit in April and the U.S.-North Korea summit in June, calling for continuing efforts to realize the denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula.
Before industry-by-industry new job openings, seasonally adjusted, year on year, up 4.0 pct for construction, up 3.8 pct for medical and welfare services, and up 3.5 pct for manufacturing, including automakers.
Meanwhile, information and communications dropped 11.2 pct, and accommodation and restaurant services were down 3.2 pct.
The shipment index was down 0.2 pct at 101.3, due chiefly to a drop in shipments of oil and coal products during routine inspections at oil refineries.
The BOJ will keep its negative interest rate policy of applying minus 0.1 pct to current account deposits held by financial institutions in the BOJ unchanged, while reducing the target of negative interest rates to around 5 trillion yen from around 10 trillion yen at present.
Tokyo, July 31 (Jiji Press)--Prosecutors have voluntarily heard about some 10 senior officials of the ministry in a corruption case involving a senior official of the Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology, Tuesday, Jiji Press learned.
According to the sources, the 2000-year-old suspect is also believed to have attracted several senior education ministry officials, such as a former sports agency executive, to the 2000 suspect.
Proposals have emerged for the use of plutonium held by TEPCO Holdings, which faces difficulties restarting idled nuclear reactors due to the suspension of operations, at other companies' nuclear plants.
Of them, domestic investment received responses from 2,059 companies and overseas investment from 867 companies.
Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga said at a press conference Wednesday, "The government will speed up preparations for the ceremony in line with the Imperial succession and make firm preparations so that the ceremony will be held without a hitch."
The gap between domestic lending and deposit interest rates narrowed at four of the five companies, excluding Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Holdings Co.
Tokyo, Aug. 2 (Jiji Press)--The amount of damage from special frauds, such as furikome scams, in Japan in the first half of this year, in November-June, fell 1.33 billion yen, or 7.1 pct, from a year before, to 17.49 billion yen, down for the fourth straight year, a preliminary National Police Agency tally showed Thursday.
The National Police Agency said that although the overall number has been reduced thanks to a sharp drop in refund scams, "Wataore" scams have been increasing, indicating that the situation remains extremely serious.
Toshiba said that there has been no change in its previous estimates as the company has already factored in its earnings estimates for the full year to March 2019.
Singapore, Aug. 2 (Jiji Press)--Japanese Foreign Minister Taro Kawano and his South Korean counterpart, Kang Kyung-wai, confirmed Thursday close cooperation among Japan, South Korea and the three countries of Japan, the United States and South Korea for North Korea's denuclearization.
While Kawano also showed concern about the situation in the South China Sea, where China is promoting a military base, Wang said that the country is moving in a stable direction.
Higashimatsushima, Miyagi Pref., Aug. 2 (Jiji Press)--Prime Minister Shinzo Abe said Thursday that the government will complete the relocation to public housing by fiscal 2020 for victims of the March 2011 disaster who live in temporary housing in the Iwate and Miyagi prefectures.
In June alone, the country's trade deficit with Japan fell 3.4 pct from a year before to 5.3 billion dollars, down for the third straight month.
Singapore, Aug. 3 (Jiji Press)--Japanese Foreign Minister Taro Kawano held a brief conversation with North Korean Foreign Minister Lee Yong Ho in Singapore Friday night.
The judge dismissed the defense's claim that the third-party DNA type detected in the pressure-sensitive strips attached to the girl's body as the real culprit's one, saying that it could be mixed in with the work to detect her fingerprints.
Of those who did not evacuate, over 80 pct each said they did not feel the emergency of evacuating or thought their homes were fine.
Some members pointed out that side effects on the JGB market's liquidity and functions "have become visible in various ways" over the BOJ's massive JGB purchases.
After obtaining information about the records, the ministry sent officials to Mongolia in June to confirm that the records exist.
Records of criminal trials will be kept by the District Public Prosecutors Office, which took charge of the first trial for up to 100 years. However, records other than the ruling are often scrapped after this storage period.
Rishiri, Hokkaido, Aug. 4 (Jiji Press)--Japan's Emperor Akihito and Empress Michiko, who are visiting Hokkaido for three days from Friday, visited the northernmost Japan island of Rishiri for the first time on Saturday.
Representing the organizer, Harumi Takahashi, governor of Hokkaido, said, "We will take over the generations 50 and 100 years ahead of our predecessors, who are proud of the various values and attractiveness they have honed over many years."
Singapore, Aug. 5 (Jiji Press)--Japanese Foreign Minister Taro Kawano and his Singaporean counterpart, Vivian Balakrishnan, agreed Sunday to strengthen relations between Japan and the Association of Southeast Asian Nations.
83, vice chairman of the Hiroshima Prefecture Korean Hibakusha Council, pointed to the aging of hibakusha who returned to North Korea after the war.
Of the company's 128 offices across Japan, 123 had been overcharged, according to the ministry.
Some hibakusha said they could have told grandchildren that they were unable to talk to their children.
According to the prefectural disaster response headquarters, some 1.52 million people in Hiroshima were given evacuation advisories, but some 6,000 were actually evacuated.
The surface of the gold coins is adorned with a phoenix symbolizing Japan's Emperor Akihito, as well as tong and shirakaba, representing the Emperor and Empress Michiko, respectively, while the surface of the bronze coins is characterized by the design of a horse-drawn wagon used in the 1959 Imperial Couple's Wedding Parade.
With the front on the north side of the Typhoon 13, the Japan Meteorological Agency called on the Kanto-Koshin and Pacific sides of the Tohoku northeastern region to be cautious about heavy rain, gale and high waves from before the typhoon approach.
The Japan Meteorological Agency's 2000 forecasters said that they want to ask residents in areas that may be affected to evacuate at an early date in accordance with relevant local authorities' evacuation advisories.
Of the seven indicators comparable with the previous month, four were worse.
Tokyo, Aug. 7 (Jiji Press)--The Finance Ministry revised up its economic assessment for Hokkaido in a quarterly regional economic report Tuesday, while the Chugoku region, which suffered torrential rain damage, stopped short of making a decision in July.
Talks on issues related to the deployment, such as environmental conservation and compensation in the event of an accident, had been suspended since the February accident in Kanzaki, Saga Prefecture, southwestern Japan.
Within 70 kilometers of the center of the typhoon, wind speed is 25 meters or more, and within 560 kilometers east of the center and within 280 kilometers west of the center, wind speed is 15 meters or more.
The Japanese insurer will also aim to expand its Australian operations by forming a sales tie-up with the Suncorp group and using the group's sales network.
This is the second application for the utility's compliance with the new regulatory standards for a nuclear plant under construction, after Japan Power Development Co. called for a review in December 2014 for the town of Oma, Aomori Prefecture, western Japan.
"As Lawson is nationwide, we hope to contribute to regional economies together with financial institutions in each region," he said.
The survey questions include the number of examinees by gender and age in the past six years, as well as the number of successful applicants.
For this reason, the fish wholesaler cooperated with the shipping company to store frozen tuna in trucks with powerful refrigerators until just before 4:30 a.m., when the sales locations opened.
In a summit meeting in 2016, Japan and Russia designated 18 years as the year for Japan-Russia exchanges.
The revenue from the lottery will be a valuable source of funds for local governments, but the number tends to decrease, with the revenue falling to 299.6 billion yen in fiscal 2017 from 439.8 billion yen in fiscal 2005.
In fiscal 2016, 60.3 pct of schools handled their own school meal costs and 39.7 pct of those handled by municipalities, according to the education ministry's survey.
The envisaged special council of the ruling Liberal Democratic Party intends to urge the government to secure the budget for the issues outside the scope of the usual science, technology and university budgets.
Two years after JX Holdings Inc. and TonenGeneral Oil Co. integrated their management to create JXOTG, Idemitsu and Showa Shell also integrated in April 2019, leading the industry to a three-strong era.
Sao Paulo, Aug. 14 (Jiji Press)--Japanese Foreign Minister Taro Kawano and his Peruvian counterpart, Nestle Popolicio, agreed Tuesday to urge the dictator of Mexican President Nicolas Madro to democratize his country.
Under the name of Shinzo Abe, president of the ruling Liberal Democratic Party, Masahiko Shibayama, special adviser to the party's president who visited the shrine on behalf of the group, paid tamakushi fees as a representative.
On May 29, 2015, all residents were forced to evacuate outside the island after the agency raised the alert level for an eruption, which requires immediate evacuation, to 5 following an explosive eruption in Shindake.
As no eruption occurred last after a small eruption on June 19, 2015, the agency had lowered its volcanic alert level to 5-3 in June 2016 and to level 2 in April this year.
Meanwhile, the number of visitors to Japan from China rose 12.6 pct to 879,100, followed by Taiwan with 460,500, up 3.1 pct, and the United States with 146,700, up 13.4 pct.
According to the ministry, the prefectural air disaster prevention squadron informed the ministry of its flight plans for helicopters at 8:53 a.m., just before Friday's flight.
In addition, the prefectural disaster prevention air team was found to have contacted the ministry's Tokyo airport office around 11:19 a.m. on Friday, even though the helicopter had not arrived at the heliport in Maebashi.
One expert reported that the Japanese had five DNA types and 54 Filipinos' types among the 110 remains examined.
Tokyo, Aug. 17 (Jiji Press)--The Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology said Friday that Japanese high school students won three gold medals and one silver medal at the 12th International Geology Olympic Games held in Thailand this month.
The ministry will increase the number of immigration inspectors and immigration security officers to make it stricter for foreigners to understand their work conditions and to respond to illegal stays in Japan.
The meeting will include a meeting of the Group of 20 countries, regions and leaders to be held in Osaka in June.
The photo of the face is taken with a camera attached to the unmanned gate and automatically checked with the photo of the passport, passport and IC chip-equipped face for identification.
"We must promote cooperation in order to increase the number of signatories further," he said, adding that Japan will step up efforts to increase the number of such parties.
Of the 18 areas in the RCEP negotiations, 16 countries, including China, have already agreed in four areas, including government procurement, customs procedures and trade facilitation.
The use of nursing-care robots, which support emissions and walking, is expected to significantly reduce the physical burdens of nursing care staff and ease labor shortages in the nursing industry.
Later in the day, Suga cited issues such as promoting the distribution of used handsets and lifting SIM locks that prevent handsets sold by mobile carriers from being used over lines of other companies.
In 2017, the total number of foreign guests in the six northeastern prefectures stood at some 950,000, up about 90 pct from 10 years, but only 1.3 pct of the total number of visitors nationwide.
The ministry is considering demanding 5,935.1 billion yen in the fiscal 2019 budget estimates, up 11.8 pct from the previous year's budget.
Japan and the United States are fully united in their policy of realizing the complete denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula, Abe said.
The South American country eased its restrictions substantially in December 2012, although it kept imposing restrictions, such as obliging Fukushima Prefecture products to submit production area certificates and radioactive substance inspection certificates.
The four companies plan to negotiate such issues as the construction of domestic nuclear plants, the joint work to decommission them, and the establishment of a new company to manage the plant's maintenance, the sources said.
The agency announced high-temperature warning information to Hokuriku and other coastal areas in the Sea of Japan, calling for caution against heatstroke.
Of the five companies, Diammet, which handles auto parts, may have continued falsification since around 1977 at the latest.|The company's then president had instructed the company to continue shipments of illegal products even after the fraud was detected.
Evacuation orders were issued to part of the city of Katano, Osaka Prefecture, western Japan, while evacuation orders were issued to many municipalities in western Japan, such as Marugame, Kagawa Prefecture, western Japan.
Fukui, Aug. 25 (Jiji Press)--The government conducted a comprehensive disaster prevention drill on Saturday on the assumption that Kansai Electric's Oi and Takahama nuclear plants both in Fukui Prefecture, central Japan, suffered serious accidents.
The experimental vehicles, equipped with the ZMP-developed automated driving system in minivans, automatically operate steering wheels, axles and brakes.
After the ruling, the victim's daughter, 49, told reporters, "I think the ruling is light compared with the weight of her mother's life, and the law is out of date."
In 2017, the number of newly found AIDS virus-HIV cases fell by 35 to 976, while the number of new patients who had already developed AIDS was down by 24 to 413.
The misappropriations were found at 27 of the 33 central government agencies surveyed, accounting for over 80 pct.
Tokyo, Aug. 28 (Jiji Press)--The Internal Affairs and Communications Ministry's Fire and Disaster Management Agency plans to strengthen safety measures for disaster prevention helicopters held by local governments in the wake of a recent fatal accident involving a disaster prevention helicopter, Jiji Press learned Tuesday.
The documents mention Chinese President Xi Jinping's remark that his country will accelerate the development of intelligence militarization, deter war and win war.
Tokyo, Aug. 29 (Jiji Press)--The Cabinet Office plans to extend a system under which companies that donate to municipalities working on regional revitalization receive tax benefits, sources familiar with the plan told Jiji Press Wednesday.|The system is designed to donate to local areas and the corporate version of the Furusato Noso tax, launched in 2016, will extend the current deadline of up to fiscal 2019 for five years, according to sources familiar with the plan.
The company will also aim to acquire one jet and one surveying plane in order to strengthen its system for marine surveillance and marine surveys.
Japan needs to see its defense capabilities truly necessary for the country, rather than considering the issue as an extension of its conventional policy, he stressed.
At a parliamentary meeting the same day, some companies and organizations attending the meeting said they want the Japanese government to closely cooperate with U.S. aviation authorities after the United States is considering drawing up air regulations for flying vehicles.
"Japan-U.S. relations have never been stronger," Abe, who has made a strong relationship with Trump one of his selling points, also underscored in a local trip to the ruling Liberal Democratic Party's leadership election in September.
Of the total, 24.7 billion yen will be sent to the Group of 20 countries, regions and G-20 leaders' meeting in Osaka in June and 1.2 billion yen to the Seventh Tokyo International Conference on African Development, or TICAD VII, in Kanagawa in August.
Thanks partly to a drop in private-sector apartment supply, the number of housing for rent fell 1.4 pct to 35,847, down for the 14th straight month.
Since two years ago, about 110 free school operators and NPO organizations affiliated with related groups have introduced information on organizations offering shelters and providing free phone consultations at this time on their Web sites.
Although the fishermen's side claims dolphin fishing as Japan's tradition and culture, the current fishing is not traditional because ships and fishing gear have advanced incomparably from the past, the organizer claimed.
Bombers capable of carrying such missiles have been seen expanding into areas off the Kii Peninsula last year through airspace between Okinawa's main island and Miyakojima, or passing through the Straits of Tsushima.
The growth reflected large spending by information and communications machinery, including semiconductors, chemical products and machinery makers for transportation.
Recurring profits at manufacturers rose 27.5 pct to 10,047.6 billion yen thanks to growth in information and communications machinery makers and production machinery makers.
Combined sales at all surveyed companies rose 5.1 pct to 344,061.9 billion yen, buoyed by increased sales of electronic parts for automobiles and industrial machinery and brisk auto exports to Asia.
Meanwhile, the Japanese rainy season in the Kanto region, including Tokyo, was confirmed around June 29, the earliest since that year.
At a press conference Tuesday, the chief cabinet secretary also said, "It is important for companies, universities and other officials to hold discussions while fully thinking about the students," suggesting that the government will carefully watch the course of the discussions.
Matsui told a news conference that this is a "emergency situation."|He said that if the airport's functions deteriorate, it needs to supplement its entrance functions from abroad.
To collect information, the government set up a government-sponsored office at the crisis management center of the office.
Meanwhile, the total request for "zaito" fiscal investment and loan programs has fallen 12.9 pct from the previous year to 12,059.3 billion yen, the lowest level in the past 20 years, as demand for zaito has been on a downtrend thanks to the economic recovery.
Meanwhile, Language One Tokyo Co., which undertakes telephone interpretation business and other operations, has started offering free interpretation services via phone calls compatible with 12 languages, such as English and Korean.
The infectious disease, known as swine cholera, occurs in pigs and boars.
Eating infected pork meat does not affect people.
Finally, only one of the three production lines at the plant, which makes canned beer and other products, has resumed operations.
The prime minister also said that he plans to raise the consumption tax rate from 8 pct to 10 pct in October next year as scheduled.
If the latest price hike is passed on to retail prices, the amount of price hikes for household thin flour will be around 3.8 yen per kilogram, the ministry said.
The IWJ's 2000-46, which serves as a handle for another rescue dog, recalls that the earth and sand had covered the house, making it difficult for the rescue dog to smell humans.
The Finance Ministry said that the negative effects of the July torrential rain in some parts of China and the Shikoku region of western Japan will be limited on the overall Japanese economy.|The latest survey "reflects the overall economic trend of the economy recovering moderately," a Finance Ministry official said.
April 1, 2002 (Jiji Press)--Applicants who were previously born but are required to choose up to three areas for their requests, up from nine areas--guidance, competition, mobile support, attire, operational support, health care, technology, media and ceremonies.
In the event of a series of earthquakes in Kumamoto in 2016, the website introduced a system that allows municipalities not affected by the disaster to act on behalf of those affected by the disaster, such as those that accept donations and issue recipient certificates, in order to reduce their burdens.
Meanwhile, prices of electric and transportation equipment dropped 0.4 pct, respectively.
Some 60 pct of the 414 cases involved an accident in violation of the law, such as a failure to cross a runway while being near a pedestrian crossing.
The Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry aims to lower the purchase price from companies of 18 yen per kilowatt-hour in fiscal 2018 to 8.5 yen in fiscal 2224 and that from households to 11 yen in fiscal 2527, respectively.
Abe countered that his policy is not a confrontational structure between the local economy and Tokyo's economy.|Abe said, "If Tokyo's economy improves, the prices of agricultural produce produced in the countryside will also go up."
Although the award-winning research itself did not bear fruit, 0000 told Jiji Press before the award ceremony, "This study has become the starting point for my own research aimed at achieving zero deaths from large-hole cancer."
The U.S. special representative vowed later in the day that he will do all he can for the return of Japanese victims at a meeting with the Families Association of Abduction Victims' Families' Association's secretariat of 0000 and others.
Tokyo, Sept. 14 (Jiji Press)--The approval rate for the cabinet of Prime Minister Shinzo Abe rose 3.2 pct from the previous month to 41.7 pct, exceeding disapproval for the first time in seven months, according to a September poll released by Jiji Press Friday.
Mitsubishi Heavy plans to use part of some 120 billion yen to eliminate its debt overholdings in fiscal 2018, especially in such ways as debt stock exchange, according to the sources.
The ministry also said that the number of people aged 70 or older stood at 26.18 million, accounting for 20.7 pct of the total population.
The upgrade follows the ministry's decision to acquire the E2D, an early warning aircraft with increased search capabilities, with the U.S. government's chargeable military aid, FMS, and one aircraft, totaling 27 billion yen, to strengthen its monitoring capabilities for the Nansei Islands of Japan.
Before the Typhoon 21 disaster, Kanku's international flights totaled some 170 per day, down around 70 at present.
Exports rose 5.3 pct to 1,245.9 billion yen, led by an increase in drugs, construction and mining machinery, while imports also rose 21.5 pct to 790.1 billion yen, a record high for August, thanks to an increase in aircraft purchases.
The Fico group will consider acquiring a majority stake in Tech Bureau and sending a majority of board members.
The Hayabusa2 dropped the Minelva 2-1 exploration robot toward the north side of the equator of the asteroid at around 4:06 p.m. on Greenwich Standard Time, when it reached an altitude of about 55 meters above the Ryuguu.
Halifax, Canada, Sept. 20 (Jiji Press)--Environment, marine and energy ministers from the Group of Seven advanced countries and the G-7 agreed Thursday to promote the recycling of plastic waste and develop disposal technologies and other steps as part of efforts to reduce emissions of marine plastic debris.
Iron ore was used as a main raw material for the number of rolling steel, up 0.5 pct, totaling 6,813,000 tons, while that of electric furnace steel, which uses scrap iron, rose 2.2 pct to 1,992,000 tons.
By type, H-shaped steel used for large buildings and other items rose 1.3 pct, while small steel rods for housing and other purposes rose 1.2 pct.
While Trump has been flickering in imposing additional tariffs on imported vehicles and parts, Abe hopes to avoid the U.S. president's additional tariffs, underscoring the importance of free trade based on international rules, according to the sources.
The DI is calculated by deducting the proportion of companies seeing business conditions as bad from the proportion of companies seeing them as good.
The Defense Ministry has set aside a budget for research and development on gliders since fiscal 2018.|The ministry requested a budget of 13.8 billion yen in related spending for the following year from April.
Both newspaper and magazine ads are up 9.7 pct and 4.3 pct, respectively.
The average premium rate also rose to a record high of 9.167 pct, as 204 unions increased premium rates.
In recent years, transport demand for auto parts, electronic parts and other products between the two regions has increased sharply, the sources said.
Tokai No. 2 will have a 40-year operating deadline on Nov. 27.|The extension of the operating period requires a separate set of approvals by the Nuclear Regulation Authority, including a construction plan that lists detailed designs of equipment and facilities.
In the statement, the minister said that individual management decisions are made under the responsibility of TEPCO management and that support for TEPCO is not problematic, according to an explanation by TEPCO that it will not significantly affect compensation and decommission work for residents and companies affected by the nuclear accident.
According to Nissan, its mainstay Oppama plant in Yokosuka, Kanagawa Prefecture, south of Tokyo, and four other plants in Japan were allegedly rewriting exhaust gas data or handling invalid data as valid data.
The agency advises people who have never been infected with rubella or who have not been vaccinated.
In response to Rowhani's request for cooperation in continuing the nuclear agreement, Abe stressed that it is important to continue implementing the agreement.
International cargo volume dropped 10 pct to 168,510 tons.|Jet Fuel Refueling Capacity Down 2 pct to 373,805 kiloliters.
The EU responded to the launch of talks on tariff cuts for industrial products excluding automobiles, instead of escaping from auto tariffs.
0000 (Jiji Press)--Some elderly people have been calling for an increase in the proportion of their out-of-pocket contributions to the elderly, Jiji Press said, referring to a recent survey by the Japan Health, Labor and Welfare Association.
Regarding the relationship with the General Association of Korean Residents in Japan, or Chongryon, the presiding judge pointed out that Chongryon's school is rationally suspected of being controlled by the Chongryon over-limit intervention and warping the independence of its education.
According to Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga told a press conference, Abe told Trump at the meeting that "it is important for the country to continue introducing high-performance equipment, including U.S. equipment, in order to respond to the severe security environment."
The increase apparently reflected an increase in the number of foreigners staying in Japan, such as foreigners studying or finding jobs in the country.
At 10 a.m. in Nanjo, Okinawa Prefecture, northeastern Japan, before 1 p.m. on the Greenwich Mean Time, the maximum momentous wind speed of 56.2 meters, the steepest ever at the station.
The company, which is under management reconstruction, plans to hire 1,500 people in April 2019, 1.7-fold more than the 18-year-old spring result, the same level as the company's hiring in April 2015 before its accounting fraud was discovered.
The government is arranging a two-stage supplementary budget.|The first supplementary will focus on restoration from recent natural disasters, such as the massive earthquake in Hokkaido last month, and the second supplementary will focus on disaster prevention-related projects.
In August, the Japanese automaker had scrapped a capital tie-up with Toyota Motor Corp. to seek a new partner.
The proposed lump-sum payments will also be paid to those who have agreed to infertility surgeries and who have had other types of surgeries, such as hysterectomies.
Nemuro, Hokkaido, Oct. 5 (Jiji Press)--A public-private joint investigation team on Japan-Russia joint economic activities on the disputed Northern Islands returned to Nemuro port in Hokkaido Prefecture on Friday after completing local activities.
Toshiyuki Matsumori, director of the Japan Meteorological Agency's Earthquake and Tsunami Monitoring Division, said that earthquake activities in the area will continue for the time being.
The 20,000-50-year-old farm operator in the Tomusato district of Atsuma-cho, where four people died in the mudslide, joined up with the 2000-39-year-old friend who died in the disaster.
The IOC allegedly asked the Tokyo Organizing Committee last month to raise the starting time for the competition, the sources said, adding that the Boat Federation hopes to end the competition in the morning to protect its players from the heat of midsummer.
"The world is trying to reduce the slaughter," he said, adding that the government's plan is based on the idea that the slaughter will be unavoidable.
The company saw its operating revenue grow only slightly due to the closure of unprofitable outlets, however, with net profit surging 35.8 pct to 30.3 billion yen, thanks chiefly to profit from sales of supermarkets subsidiaries in Hong Kong.
In the survey in February, Japan ranked top in the list in the latest ranking after Myanmar exempted from visas for Japanese tourists this month, although the country ranked top in the list along with Singapore.
Uny Famima aims to focus its management resources on core convenience store operations by separating its slumping supermarket operations.
Tokyo, Oct. 11 (Jiji Press)--Some 90 pct of 380 municipalities that have been asked by the Ministry of Internal Affairs and Communications to review their "hometown tax" return items, a system of donations to local governments, are set to review them at their request, a Jiji Press survey found Thursday.
According to a business plan submitted by the metropolitan government to the Ministry of Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries in August, the amount of fishery products handled in the Toyosu market in fiscal 2023 is estimated at 616,400 tons, up 60 pct from that in the Tsukiji market in fiscal 2027.
The survey also showed that 56.8 pct of those who keep their animals said they always go to evacuation centers together, while 10 pct said they do not go to evacuation centers because they are with their animals.
Although the G-20 is facing trade friction among its members, differences should be resolved directly by their members involved in the friction, he said.
In order to prevent excessive return items, the Ministry of Internal Affairs and Communications issued a notice to each local government that calls for limiting the procurement prices of return items to 30 pct or less of the amount of donations.
In addition to working to jointly procure products, Aeon and Fuji will jointly develop private-brand products sold in the Shikoku and Chugoku regions, where Fuji is based.
Besides Ehime, Fuji has more than 90 general and food supermarkets in total in the three Shikoku prefectures of Kagawa, Kochi and Tokushima, as well as Hiroshima and two Chugoku prefectures of Yamaguchi.
The final ruling found that Kumamoto District Court and Fukuoka High Court were guilty only on the basis of confessions made during the investigation stage of 2000.
At Taki Chemical, a researcher who had been studying mushrooms at the university had started research on fully artificial cultivation of Bakamatsutake about six years ago.
Regarding the reasons for the decision to introduce the system, the ministry explained that the introduction of a missile that allows SDF members to deal with the situation safely from outside their opponents' threat zones is necessary.
The project for releasing crested ibis started in 2008, with a total of 308 birds released so far in Japan.
Three types of trading methods will be tested, including the auction method, in which the price of a buy order meets that of a sell order.
A total of 110 tunnels being inspected by the three companies in fiscal 2016 and fiscal 2017 had not been checked with fiberscope at all.
The 727.5 billion yen in costs include disaster waste disposal, financial support for affected small and midsize businesses and support for the restoration of the Kansai International Airport Liaison Bridge, which was damaged by a tanker washed away during the passage of a large typhoon.
Of them, 21 groups confirmed damage, 11 said it would be difficult to investigate, and 14 said it is under investigation.
It is expected to present a concrete negotiating purpose with Japan 30 days before the start of the negotiations.
The system glitch occurred on Oct. 9 on one of the four lines linking the TSE's trading system and securities firms.
For this reason, the government will ask card companies and payment service companies to cut their fees during the period.
He took part in the Olympics for the fourth consecutive time since the 2004 Olympics in Athenian.
The government hopes to finish the panel's screening by the end of the week on the draft of the revised bill.|Japan Liberal Democratic Party and its coalition partner, New Komeito, are aiming to submit the bill to the Diet by the end of next week.
The total number of visitors to stores fell 2.6 pct, down for the first time in two months, to 1,343.28 million, but the purchase amount per customer rose 6.3 pct to 623 yen, reflecting the above demand.
Large-scale monetary easing has eased the lending stance of financial institutions, leading to an increase in lending mainly at companies with relatively low creditworthiness.
In September 2012, a law to realize the initiative was enacted.|TOCOM, however, has yet to realize the plan, due to the reluctance of the two ministries--the economic industry and agriculture, forestry and fisheries--from the TOCOM and the government agencies.
The blackouts in Hokkaido were caused mainly by the suspension after the disaster of all three Tomato-Atsuma thermal power plants at Hokkaido Electric Power Co., which covered about half of the prefecture's electricity consumption until the Sept. 6 earthquake, as well as the suspension of hydroelectric power plants due to power transmission line damage.
Meanwhile, price hikes continued in civil engineering, architectural services and employment placement services on the back of labor shortages.
Of the 538 sites in Japan that conducted the survey, six in the manufacturing sector were found to have developed babysitter cancer in total.
Test delivery was conducted for some 9 kilometers between the post office in the city of Minamisoma and the post office in the town of Namie.
Ayako made a similar offering at the Imperial Cemetery, which enshrines the spirits of past Emperor Akihito and members of the Imperial Family, and the Imperial Shrine, which enshrines the country's Shinto spirits.
The Japanese side will continue to press China to ease the ban, aiming to realize easing until Chinese President Xi Jinping's visit to Japan, which is expected to end next year.
The Japanese Emperor and Empress attended the same event almost every time since the first event in Oita Prefecture, central Japan, in 1981.
The Trump administration has complained that Japan has tariff and nontariff barriers in the fields of automobiles, agriculture and services, and the two sides are expected to hold fierce debates on these areas, observers said.
Hitachi and SBI plan to use the huge amount of payment data to provide management advice to clients and various new services, such as preventing illegal payments.
Some 47,000 troops from the SDF and 9,500 troops from the U.S. military will take part in such drills as ballistic missile defense and remote island defense.
Under the current international taxation rules, the government cannot impose taxes on foreign companies that do not have such headquarters as factories and branches within their jurisdiction in principle.
The interim report on digital taxation compiled by the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development, or OECD, in March calls for reviewing the tax principle.
After Abe offered his congratulatory remarks, the Crown Prince stood in a toatery, saying, "Help each other and build an unending, bright family."
Of the four items that make up the index, those for living conditions worsened for the second straight month, while those for income growth and the employment environment worsened, respectively.
Meanwhile, KDDI, which has been strengthening its operations in areas other than its core, such as settlement services and Internet mail-order sales, will use Rakuten's logistics infrastructure to improve its logistics and delivery operations.
A similar air self-aircraft contact accident occurred in 2005, when two F-15 fighter jets affiliated with the Chitose base in Hokkaido, northeastern Japan, came into contact during combat training.
Aiming to strengthen cooperation with related agencies, a total of 142 municipalities took part, more than the 59 in the previous survey.
This is the first time for Japan to recall goods from the ISS.|Japan has so far been limited to the United States and Russia.
The government plans to take steps to ensure that the three major mobile carriers and mobile distributors properly display advertisements.
In a joint press statement after the meeting, Abe explained that the two sides agreed that full implementation of U.N. Security Council resolutions against North Korea is necessary for the complete denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula.
The large-scale consecutive holidays are designed to boost the public's mood of congratulating Crown Prince Naruhito for his accession to the throne and reduce the impact on people's lives from the current Heisei era revision, which will also take place on May 1, government officials said.
At the meeting, Abe and Pence agreed that full implementation of U.N. Security Council resolutions against North Korea is necessary in order to fully denuclearize the Korean Peninsula.
If the conclusion is realized, the RCEP would create an economic zone that accounts for half of the world's population and 30 pct of the world's total trade value and gross domestic product.
He urged the country, which maintains import restrictions on Japanese food, to scrap and ease the restrictions as soon as possible.
Eight livestock-raising facilities are located in the area, with a total of some 8,500 pigs and boars kept there, according to the sources.
In particular, the figure for Chugoku and Shikoku rose 5.9 pct to 64.7 pct, while that for Chubu rose 4.0 pct to 76.0 pct.
The company's 2,000 president and 2,000 captain are suspected of failing to check the total body weight before takeoff in violation of rules set by the Civil Aviation Act and flying over the plane without exceeding the weight, according to the sources.
Regarding the law for promoting women's participation in the workforce, the ministry aims to expand the scope to more than 101 companies in compiling an action plan that currently obliges companies with 301 employees or more.
In October, Japan's trade balance with China reflected growth in imports of clothing and mobile phones, with a loss of 406.2 billion yen, up 52.1 pct, marking the seventh straight month of deficit.
In its proposal in May, the LDP had called on the government to consider including in the guidelines the acquisition of enemy base attack capabilities necessary for attacking ballistic missiles and other weapons' launch bases targeting Japan.
At its board meeting on Thursday, Nissan will submit a proposal to dissolve the post of chairman and representative directors of the 2000 suspects.
Regarding the future, Abe expressed hopes for Japan's high-tech industries to expand investment and promote technological cooperation with Russia, noting that the country's economy and industry should be digitized as a new priority.
The recommendation also called on the government to narrow down the scope of planned gift certificates with premiums to low-income and child-rearing households and others.
According to the sources, the Japanese side proposed that Rengo leave its future affairs to private companies because it is a story among private companies, and the Buddhist side did not raise objections.
The team, led by 000-000 professor and 2000 professor, injects about two million nerve progenitor cells, which have been changed from iPS cells, into the damaged sites of four patients, only two or four weeks after the spinal cord injury.
Abe welcomed the country's recent lifting of import suspension measures for rice grown in Niigata Prefecture, western Japan, soon after the severe accident at Tokyo Electric Power Co.'s <901> Fukushima No. 1 nuclear plant in northeastern Japan, or the Tohoku northeastern region, in the wake of the tsunami in March 2011.
Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga said at a press conference, "We hope the company will proceed with the construction after fully securing safety and giving utmost consideration to the natural and living environment."
In 16 years, a dish using paddies was chosen, and in 17 years, a dish using chicken breast meat was chosen.
In goods trade, Japan's trade deficit stood at 321.7 billion yen, the first loss in two months, with growth in imports outpacing growth in exports.
In July-December, a Chinese court sentenced a man in Aichi Prefecture to 12 years in prison, a man in Kanagawa Prefecture, west of Tokyo, to five years in prison, and a woman in Tokyo to six years in prison.
In October, orders from manufacturers rose 12.3 pct, marked strong demand from oil and coal product makers and automakers.
According to the elementary school, the number of children evacuated from school yards totaled 693 times in the past year.
The company also expressed its intention to integrate the division, which makes Mitsubishi Regional Jets, its first domestically produced small jet, and the division, which makes main wings for Boeing Corp. aircraft.
Of the total, 60 F-35As aircraft in the Air Force, and the remaining F-35B aircraft in the Marine Corps.
There will be 9,000 club activities advisers, up 4,500, and 3,600 support staff, up 600, to help teachers prepare for classes.
Asked about support details in multiple answers, a majority cited "welfare and nursing care," followed by "culture, art and sports promotion," "child and youth training, and child care support."
The ministry announced the start of PGS's clinical research in February 2017 and plans to continue its clinical research.
Meanwhile, Finance Minister Aso and Health, Labor and Welfare Minister Takumi Nemoto agreed that the central government will pay the full amount in the first half of the year and the central and local governments in principle one-half of the total in the first half of the fiscal 2019 draft financial resources for the grant for early childhood education and childcare.
For construction costs for Shinkansen trains, the central government will first allocate loan fees paid by JR companies for the use of the facilities, with the remaining two-thirds paid by the central government and the rest by local governments.
Tamaki told reporters, "Municipalities have a duty to implement prefectural citizen voting."|Opportunities for voting must not be lost."
At the Japan-U.S. summit, Reagan expressed his intention to partially lift trade sanctions on Japan.|Eight days later.
There are concerns about the impact of the Japanese government's decision to effectively exclude Chinese communications equipment products from the deal, market sources said.
Buoyed by strong exports stemming from the expansion of overseas economies and the yen's depreciation, the Japanese economy achieved a long-term economic expansion that led to stock price rises and job growth.
The company will develop online Japanese-language materials worth 100 million yen for foreigners living on remote islands and other places where it is difficult to use face-to-face Japanese classes.
In the lawsuit, Bombardy claims that a subsidiary of Mitsubishi Heavy Industries Ltd. adopted the company's former employee and misused confidential information related to passenger aircraft certification for the development of the small jet and the Mitsubishi Regional Jet.
Following the ruling on Oct. 30, South Korea's Supreme Court has ordered Japanese companies to pay compensation for their wartime labor.
Under the measure, medical institutions will be urged to use telephone interpreters and core facilities will be required to have specialized medical interpreters.
In the battery business for electric vehicles and other products, Japanese makers have maintained technological superiority.|But competition has intensified in recent years with South Korean and Chinese makers.
Human Holdings operates more than 1,300 classrooms in Japan, making it one of the largest robot classrooms in Japan to teach more than 22,000 children.
Supervising organizations are required to have trainees take Japanese language and daily-life lessons for two months in principle, although the cooperative had allowed them to work at companies despite the training period.
After the acquisition, NEC intends to combine its own bioauthentication technology and artificial intelligence, AI and KMD's administrative LINE services.
Meanwhile, a total of 90 pct of respondents said that the Japan-U.S. security treaty is "extremely important" or "to some extent important" for U.S. security, up 3 pct.
The survey was conducted by telephone in March this year by a U.S. research firm.
According to the defense, the 20,000 suspect says, "I would like to talk in court if there is such a place."
Meanwhile, major tobacco companies have been focusing on sales of heated tobacco products in recent years.
The prefectural government installed the statue of Luffy within the prefectural government's premises, attracting some 1,500 fans to the unveiling ceremony in November 2018.
Kazuo Shii, chairman of the Japanese Communist Party, expressed his determination to end the party's move to amend the constitution, saying, "Abe, who has been cursing the constitution, has no right to change the constitution."
"To firmly deepen talks with South Korea, exchange of confidential records with each other could depend on the course of the talks," Iwaya said at a press conference.
Abe's visit to the Netherlands has been since March 2014 and to Britain since April 17.
The U.S. Coast Guard and the U.S. Navy are also investigating the accident.
To curb an increase in purchase costs stemming from the increased use of renewable energy sources, the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry plans to cut the purchase price to around 8.50 yen in fiscal 22.
Noting that six Japanese start-ups backed by the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry are participating in the CES, Seko said, "We hope to increase the number of such Japanese companies by continuing to support them."
Even in industrial activities apparently affected by the disaster, shipments of lithium-ion batteries to the United States and production and shipments of machinery for production were down.
The number of bankruptcies decreased in seven of the 10 industries.
In South Korea, the Infiniti Q50 2.2 d was sold in 2014 and the Qashqai in 15 and 16.
In the middle of the Meiji era, however, medical schools were scrapped one after another due to financial difficulties, according to 2000. Samples may have been donated to schools in the area.
In December, prices of oil and coal products rose 4.7 pct, a smaller increase than the previous month's rise of 14.2 pct.
The current law stipulates no-fly airspace for drones and flight regulations, but there is no provision that calls for reports from pilots separately from police investigations if an accident occurs.
Over the drones, the government's panel of experts is discussing new rules for strengthening safety measures, such as mandatory inspections before flights and a ban on flights when drunk.
On the other hand, over half of the reasons cited by those who said they want to work even after 66 years old, including 28.9 pct of respondents who said they want to "live a peaceful life financially" and 24.9 pct of respondents who said they do not think they have enough living costs if they do not continue working.
By gender, the informal approval rate stood at 87.5 pct for male students, up 2.3 pct, and 88.5 pct for female students, up 1.5 points.
The job offer rate stood at 87.7 pct for students majoring in liberal arts, up 2.0 pct, and 89.0 pct for students in science.
At their meeting in Argentina in December, the two leaders agreed to start the talks under a new framework headed by Taro Kawano and Sergei Lavrov.
At their previous meeting, Abe and Putin instructed officials to make full progress in their joint work for the start of joint economic activities on the Four Northern Islands.
A meeting of the two leaders was also held between a small-group meeting and a working dinner, with only interpreting.
If Japan makes similar flights repeatedly, "we will respond strongly in accordance with our response rules," the operations division chief said.
Of them, 368 cases were caused by product glitches, of which 209 were products subject to the recall.
0000 The company's president only said that "the biggest responsibility is to strengthen legal compliance," when it comes to his own responsibility.
Meanwhile, 2000 did not clarify whether the company will comply with the 2.5 pct cap although it said it will "set a cap" for fiscal 20 and later.
Data distribution is allowed free in principle in the United States.|Japan requires the consent of the person in principle for the transfer of personal information.
Those eligible for the relocation support include those living in the Tokyo metropolitan area, including the three prefectures of Saitama, Chiba and Kanagawa, next to the capital, and commuting within the densely populated Tokyo's 23 wards, who move outside the metropolitan area for more than five years.
Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga told a news conference the same day that Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Sadatsuka was present at the hearing in question and that the ministry will not be allowed to attend the upcoming new hearing.
White goods purchased using the country's home electronics eco-point system, which was implemented in 0911, will soon be replaced.
The catch cap for each of the 47 prefectures is set based on past catch results and other factors.
Japan's Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga said at a press conference that South Korea's action is "extremely problematic."|Japan has been "implementing all promised measures" in the Japan-South Korea agreement, saying, "We will continue to strongly call on the South Korean side to steadily implement it."
In the revised measures, the ministry focused on strengthening measures to provide information and guide foreign visitors to Japan to evacuate smoothly in the event of an earthquake during the 20-year Tokyo Olympics and Paralympics.
The ministry estimates that strong jolts between the lower 6 and the maximum 7 on the seismic intensity scale in Japan occur in a wide range from the Kanto eastern region to the Kyushu southwestern region.
Karatsu, Saga Pref., Feb. 2 (Jiji Press)--This is the first time that such a drill has been conducted since the No. 3 and No. 4 reactors were reactivated last year after nuclear disaster prevention drills were conducted near the Genkai nuclear power plant in Saga Prefecture, southwestern Japan, on Saturday.
The Emperor and the New Emperor will not be involved in the selection process for the new era name.
In an attempt to attract families, the exhibition hall will focus on exhibitions and events for children.
00000 was held by armed groups in Afghanistan for about five months in 2010.
"If the system leads to reduced work and improved labor shortages," said 2000, a member of the Kindai Fisheries Aquaculture Seedling Center. The university also aims to automate the sorting work itself in the future.
Under a local tax law revision, local governments have to limit their return items to "local products with procurement amounts of 30 pct or less of the amount of donations."
Prices rose 409 of the 744 surveyed items and fell 266.
In clinical research and clinical trials and clinical trials using iPS cells, a team led by government-affiliated agencies and Riken conducted the world's first transplant for intractable patients in 2014.
The global auto industry is accelerating its electric vehicle manufacturing thanks to tighter environmental regulations.
The next-generation models of the models currently produced in Britain will be mainly produced in North America.
In Iwate, support staff for civil engineering and other professional positions remain necessary, but it is becoming difficult to secure such staff from other local governments amid large-scale disasters across the country, he said.
Tokyo, Feb. 21 (Jiji Press)--The total amount of damage from special scams, such as furikome scams, in Japan in 2018 fell 9.6 pct from a year before to 35.68 billion yen, down for the fourth straight year, a National Police Agency tally found Thursday.
The sample-part replacement method tends to pay more than the total replacement.
Those who pass the test will be able to visit ministries and agencies, except on July 17 and Aug. 2, when the final interview tests will be conducted.
The ministries and agencies will make their assessments on the students who visited the school by the time the final pass is announced, and will issue a job offer from Aug. 21, the day after the final pass is announced.
Still, Tamaki will inform the prime minister and the U.S. president of the results of the vote under the prefectural assembly voting ordinance.
Road freight transportation charges rose 3.1 pct and worker dispatch service charges rose 2.9 pct, reflecting labor shortages.
As an exception, banks already have a mechanism to conditionally own a 5 pct stake in financially troubled companies for corporate management reconstruction.
But there are concerns that the environment would deteriorate due to waste fluid from the cleaning process, as the sanitary environment is not secured.
As of the end of March last year, there were 723 such level hikes across Japan and 2726 such four.
The ministry also said that the index for industrial machinery shipments dropped 4.0 pct to 99.2 due chiefly to a drop in shipments of transportation and machinery for production.
According to the data, the charges highlighted violations of the law on the prevention of prostitution and the law on child prostitution and pornography.
"We will also strengthen cooperation with Japan because of peace on the Korean Peninsula," Moon said in an English-language speech.|He said that "the past cannot be changed, but the future can be changed."
Besides the 2000-year-old professor, 2000-year-old Tokyo University professor and others will be involved in research on the extremely accurate "optical grid clock," exceeding the limit of the communication capacity of the fiber-optic network.
0000 The defendants have been indicted not only for the alleged violation of the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act that underreported their compensation but also for a special breach of trust that allegedly caused damage to Nissan.
At the plant, Nissan is considering reducing production lines for the Qashqai and Leaf electric vehicles for sports to two shifts from three shifts, according to Sky News.
Last month, the company withdrew part of its production plans at the plant to transfer production to Japan.
In its structural reforms announced in November 2017, Mizuho FG said it intends to reduce its workforce by 19,000 by fiscal 2026 and reduce the number of its group's some 500 business bases nationwide to some 400 by fiscal 24.
The company is also considering halting three other domestic and overseas plants for some weeks.
According to the company's 2000 president, Suntory may change the advisability and size of price hikes depending on the region.
The number of bankruptcies fell in six of the 10 surveyed industries, including retailers and manufacturers.
Nissan received a whistle on the alleged misconduct by the 2000-year-old defendant in June, including a full-fledged internal investigation, and informed prosecutors, according to the sources.
More than 25 pct of respondents said they "know well" and "know a certain amount" about cyberinsurance's recognition.
According to a survey conducted last year by the Internal Affairs and Communications Ministry's Fire and Disaster Management Agency, about 30 pct of the country's 332 fire headquarters that have set a response policy for those who are asked to stop being resuscitated said they will stop under certain conditions.
Finance Minister Taro Aso cited retaliatory measures at a meeting of the House of Representatives Financial and Financial Services Committee on Tuesday, such as additional tariffs, remittances and visa visas and issuance suspension.
Orders from manufacturers fell 1.9 pct, down for the third straight month, reflecting sluggish demand from electric and information and communications machinery makers.
Touching on the company's corporate culture of putting priority on delivery dates and its corporate structure, such as a lack of awareness of management's quality compliance, Kobe Steel's "criminal responsibility is heavy," the judge concluded.
Subaru Kogyo will withdraw from its movie business and concentrate on road repairs and cleaning operations.
Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga said at a press conference that he intends to make efforts to promote the use of the My Number card, saying that "if the card is not used by the public, opportunities to improve convenience and improve economic productivity would be hampered."
The Egyptians are continuing their minesweeping operations while cooperating with the Israeli military.
Since around April, the ministry plans to launch the first nationwide survey on foreign children's attendance, asking local governments to cooperate in the survey.
Emperor Akihito will be offered his last words after Abe delivered his "national representative's speech."
Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga said, "We are determined to firmly condemn the despicable terror attacks and firmly cooperate with New Zealand, Australia and the international community to fight terrorism."
The company decided to shift to a pepper lunch restaurant for two of the remaining four outlets.
The makers are believed to be scholars of Japanese lore, Chinese literature, Japanese history and History of the East.
The government is considering a proposal to put some 77,000 bags into the soft ground, but the government estimates that the ground improvement work will take three years and eight months.
The survey was conducted by the Health, Labor and Welfare Ministry on all 8,417 hospitals across Japan, with 47.3 pct of 3980 responding.
The proposals will be reflected in an integrated innovation strategy to be compiled around June and an AI strategy to be compiled by summer.
The proceeds will be mainly used to raise materials for the production of the iPhone iPhone iPhone, the latest model of U.S.-based Apple Inc., a major Japan Display customer, and to finance the company.
The DI is the percentage of companies that said their business conditions are "good," minus those that said they are "bad."
On March 14 this year, the government asked scholars specializing in Japanese and Asian history to devise the new era.
The operator of the Yodobashi Camera store plans to buy all outstanding shares in the target company, including shares held by investment fund Advantage Partners, which currently owns ICI Ishii Sports.
Of the seven indicators that currently have a month-on-month ratio, three improved, such as "durable consumer goods shipments."
"We will confirm close cooperation for the success of the G-20 Osaka summit and further strengthen our cooperation with other countries," Abe said.
According to the team, an image of a black hole inside a ring of brightly glowing gas at the center of the M87 was obtained after about two years of work to analyze data obtained with technology enough to identify a golf ball placed on the surface of the moon from the earth.
The company bought a cruise used by the family of the 2000 suspects.|According to the sources, the interrogators apparently asked for explanations about the flow of funds and the course of the cruise purchases.
The leasing firm, Orix, announced last week that it has launched a new business to support its business succession.
The pictogram for the track and field was designed to have one leg of a player at the start and a player with a handicapped arm swimming even in the pictogram for the race.
"The package, such as LED bulbs, shows which types of lighting equipment can be attached," an agency official said. "Even if it is already installed, I want dealers and others to check whether it is the right combination or not."
Sharp expects corporate demand, such as from design firms, as it can clearly display fine letters and design plans, when it launches three Big Pad models.
The monthly amount of 7,000 yen and 13,000 yen in one trial ruling per plaintiff was reduced to 4,500 yen and 9,000 yen per month.
In addition, the company said that it will provide an app this summer to make posted works available to the general public so that the works of well-known authors, such as 0000, can also be read as e-books at the app.
A supplementary resolution to the law on Emperor Akihito's one-time abandonment of the Imperial Throne stipulates that "the government should examine the stability of the Imperial succession promptly after the effectuation of the law on April 30 this year, when Emperor Akihito will step down, and promptly report the results to the Diet."
In December last year, the central government agency had agreed not to procure equipment with unauthorized functions, apparently bearing in mind China's Huawei Technology Huawei and Zhong Heung-tong ZTE TSE equipment.
"Japan and the United States will strengthen bilateral cooperation, including in new areas, and strengthen their alliance further," Kawano said.
"Demand in the manufacturing and construction industries was solid, but we were unable to meet such demand," Tetsuren said.
For many years, Japanese companies have adopted planned new university graduates as future executive candidates and unified their recruitment schedules in a way led by Keidanren.
The network holds an international conference once a year to foster female politicians and strengthen ties among politicians.
Suga said, "Various obstacles have been in sight to expand exports further."
According to JAXA, the crater is estimated to be 10 meters in diameter, making it the world's first successful artificial crater generation on an asteroid.
The first of the three ceremonies is Emperor Akihito's abdicated ceremony, "Taihai Shoden no Gi," which is the first such ceremony in constitutional history.
On Wednesday, Crown Prince Naruhito, 59, will take over the status of the Emperor, which is stipulated as "a symbol of Japan and a symbol of the unity of the Japanese people" under the constitution.
"If Nippon Steel's assets are unfairly sold, it would be totally unacceptable, and the Japanese government sees the situation even more seriously," he said.
Companies with many female board members tend to be more profitable than those that do not.
The organizing committee already held briefings in the cities of Sapporo, Hokkaido and Oita, where many foreigners are expected to visit, among the 12 host cities.
"It is important to resolve issues through political dialogue, such as the U.S.-North Korea dialogue," Wang said, referring to the intended launch and other issues.
Looking ahead, 62.5 pct of respondents said they will work aggressively and 20.4 pct said they will work with some human resources to improve the rate of midsize employees to stay in.
For the business year to March 20 from this year, Mos Food Co. expects its net profit to recover to one billion yen.|Co. plans to speed up its store expansion in Asia, while reducing domestic outlets.
The surface of the gold coins was adorned with a phoenix and Zuiun symbolizing Japan's Emperor Akihito, and the surface of the bronze coins was unveiled in October with "Komorza," used in Emperor Naruhito's accession to the throne.
At the start of the meeting, Valentina Matbienko, chairman of the Russian Federation's Senate, read Vladimir Putin's message on behalf of Russian President Vladimir Putin, stressing that "relations between regions are very important even in relations between the two countries."
Tokyo, May 14 (Jiji Press)--Foreign Minister Taro Kawano said Tuesday that he will consider countermeasures for Iran, which is at odds with the United States, flicking the Strait of Hormuz in the Persian Gulf, "We want to seriously consider how to deal with the situation if it happens to be blocked in reality," Kawano said at a news conference.
Watami plans to first foster human resources working at its own stores, support foreigners to acquire new status of residence, and foster human resources working at other companies.
"Peace and stability in the Middle East is important for the global economy and the world situation, and a vital area for our country, which depends on energy," Abe said.
Asahi Breweries Ltd. launched its Gokujo Kirare Ajinda in January this year, raising its sales target to four million cases from three million a year in April thanks to brisk sales.
An increase in tax revenue due to the economic recovery would not be enough to boost spending, and the agency needs to allocate extra tax revenue, such as retained earnings, according to the sources.
In the job market for new graduates, the number of job offers far exceeded that of job applicants.
Of the total, 97.3 pct dropped for male graduates and 97.8 pct for female graduates.
Capital spending was also down 0.3 pct, as companies are increasingly refraining from investing amid difficulties in the outlook for external demand.
The 1965 agreement stipulates that if the "dispute" between Japan and South Korea cannot be resolved through bilateral talks, the two countries will leave the settlement to the arbitration committee, which consists of three members--a panel appointed respectively by the two countries and a third-party panel.
Exports to China fell 6.3 pct to 1,023.9 billion yen, down for the second straight month, while exports of semiconductor production equipment fell sharply.
During the severe accident, at least 99 cases were caused by the misuse of stoves and other reasons, of which 92 occurred at those without cooking oil heating prevention equipment or cancellation safety equipment.
By category, "transportation and mail" services rose 1.2 pct and "various services" such as civil engineering buildings rose 1.1 pct.
The revised law will also oblige vehicles to be equipped with devices to record vehicle operating conditions and store such records in order to detect system glitches early and determine the causes of accidents.
If the FCA joins the three companies' alliance, the integrated corporate body will become the world's largest auto group with global sales of over 15 million units.
So far, the company has been working on the introduction of solar power generation facilities at some plants at Gunma Plant and the introduction of electricity from renewable energy at Utsunomiya Plant, which makes aircraft.
Insurance is applied to inspections using the system for some cancer patients, such as ending "standard treatment," which is widely recognized for its effects, such as surgery and radiation treatment.
Shiseido will strengthen sales of its own mid-price-range products through a broad sales network with 150,000 outlets mainly in Asia, such as China.
With child abuse cases continuing, the reclusive right to discipline, which is allowed within the scope necessary for children's education and supervision, has been misused to justify parental abuse of their children, according to the sources.
Three of the five areas in the park are set to open in autumn 22 and the remaining two in about a year.
The Osaka prefectural police department kept the purchase prices of police officers and staff members cheap by purchasing a large number of models with reduced functions.
The United Nations estimates that the global population of people aged 60 or older will reach 2 billion in 2050, or 20 pct of the total population.
The company will operate the entire line between Shin-Sugita and Kanazawa Hachikeima at 10-minute intervals, with some 35 pct less than usual.
According to the bill, local governments hoping to join the initiative will set up a forum with the national government and private companies to draw up a plan that will include deregulation measures necessary to realize the initiative and apply to the central government after obtaining local residents' consent.
Meanwhile, the number of bankruptcies rose by nine to 224 in the service sector, mainly in the restaurant sector, where labor shortages are serious, and by three to 24 in the transport sector.
Nissin aims to partially replace petrochemical-derived plastic with plant-derived ones and raise the proportion of renewable resources used in Cup Noodles containers to 81 pct from the previous 71 pct.
Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga said at a press conference Wednesday, "We plan to carry out empirical studies by placing sensors manufactured by the Defense Ministry on advanced optical satellites that the Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency, or JAXA, plans to launch in fiscal 2020."
On the relationship between Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe's visit to Iran and the attacks, Suga said only, "The visit was meaningful from the viewpoint of easing regional tensions, as the Iranian side highly rated it."
According to the survey, 50.1 pct of respondents said that the mandatory five-day paid leave would be enough for them to choose from multiple answers, "because the current holidays are enough."
Of 61.4 pct of those who said they are single because they do not meet with suitable opponents, 61.4 pct said they "have done nothing in particular" about their actions to look for opponents.
The measure included considering preferential treatment for transfer procedures if technical intern trainees who will shift to the new Specified Skilled Worker No. 1 will work at the same company as before.
Exports of semiconductor and other production equipment were down 30.4 pct due to lower demand from China, South Korea and other countries.
In July 2016 and January this year, the arrest charges for the 2000 suspect are suspected of providing a total of some 69 million yen to the client side to cover losses incurred in foreign exchange margin trading for eight clients of the company.
0000 (Jiji Press)--An associate professor is determined, saying, "If the purpose of the Nazca's surface painting is revealed by identifying and compares birds offered to God in religious ceremonies and those drawn on earthenware used on a daily basis."
Empress Michiko arrived at the hospital around 1:30 a.m. on Sunday at 10:30 a.m. and left the hospital around 4:30 p.m.
The measures also included active use of online surveys in order to reduce administrative burdens and improve the survey response rate.
Early Friday morning, the prince and his wife visited each of Warsaw University, the country's old city and the Imperial Palace.
In a press document released by the Japanese government after the Japan-Russia summit, the statement only said, "We welcome the two countries' continued negotiations vigorously under the determination to accelerate peace treaty negotiations based on the 1956 Japan-Soviet joint declaration."
The smartphone was originally scheduled to go on sale in late May, but the release was suspended due to the possibility of being affected by the U.S. government's sanctions on Huawei.
Users will first use the smartphone's dedicated app to take photos of their skin and measure their sebum and water levels.
As of the end of 18 years, 376 of the country's 728 fire headquarters had already introduced a special version of VoiceTra that can support 15 languages, such as English, Chinese and Korean.
Meanwhile, the domestic stock market was sluggish recovering, with the GPIF losing 2,073.2 billion yen in investment in Japanese stocks, the first loss in three years.
According to the Japanese Foreign Ministry, a person who entered Russia from Vladivostok and tried to leave the country from Moscow to a third country has been fined for attempting to leave the country illegally.
At Self-Operated GS, employees will be allowed to refuel after checking whether their customers are ready in their offices.|Japan Post Insurance Co. allows employees to leave their offices and do other work if they can get their permission out of their tablet computers.
The system will be able to respond to changes in the office's location and sales floor lays even after construction.
It asked Internet service providers to voluntarily block connections to pirate sites.
The metropolitan government will take disciplinary action against the officials concerned, as well as consider claiming compensation to them.
Tokyo, July 18 (Jiji Press)--Japan's Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry sources said Thursday that the ministry plans to sell Japanese corporate aircraft parts to the company for electric airplanes envisioned by U.S. aircraft giant Boeing.
"Our government can hold discussions with the Japanese side on reasonable measures to win the understanding of the citizens and victims of the two countries, including measures to resolve the issues that have already been presented, in a peaceful manner," the statement said.
The rise in the average annual salary "apparently reflects a rush to raise salaries and improve treatment" in order to secure human resources, the sources said.
In its written opinion, South Korea claimed that it is strictly implementing export controls to prevent the country from diverting to conventional weapons in addition to weapons of mass destruction in a third country.
The Japanese Defense Ministry said, "No ballistic missiles have been confirmed in our country's territory or exclusive economic zones, or EEZ, and no situation has been confirmed at present that would immediately affect our country's security."
At a reporting meeting after the latest ruling, the chief of the plaintiff's complaint, Dentsu Inc., 71, criticized the ruling.
Suga said, "It is important for Japan and South Korea to fully cooperate on issues that need to be cooperated."
Through the business tie-up, the company will promote research and development with the aim of creating businesses in new fields by combining JTEKT's manufacturing technology with AI-related deep planning, deep learning and technology through Connectem Design.
Specifically, the proposal is expected to make groundless claims no longer by showing the Japanese side's claims to Chinese and South Korean researchers, the sources said.
Production in the manufacturing industry is projected to rise 2.7 pct in July and 0.6 pct in August, the ministry said.
Kuroda said that the central bank in Europe and the United States may go ahead with "preemptive easing" as it is stepping up its easing stance.
The WCPFC has 26 member countries and regions, including the Kitashokai, which consists of 10 countries and regions.
A U.S. Department of State official said, "Thoughtful consideration will be sought so that tensions will not hurt the economic and security ties between Japan and South Korea," urging the two Asian allies to respond calmly.
North Korea has launched short-range ballistic missiles on July 25 and also launched Flight, Hiso and Body into the Sea of Japan on Wednesday and Friday.
The international arts festival, including the special exhibition, has not received subsidies worth some 78 million yen although the Agency for Cultural Affairs has adopted such subsidies.
In the reporting month, the ministry returned the method to a full survey for the first time in about 15 and a half years for large companies in Tokyo that were subject to the extracted survey.
00000 chief said, "This cross embodies the cruelty of war and the sufferings that war poses."
Elsewhere in the meeting with Abe, Esper criticized China for increasing its influence beyond the Asian region as "causing regional instability, military and predatory economic actions that have threatened international rules."
The investigation report on the falsification issue noted that the Kinki Local Finance Bureau strongly opposed an instruction by the ministry's Science and Finance Bureau for the falsification.
According to the ministry, at least 20 of the 28 infections surveyed were infected via wild boars.
Aircraft using Haneda used to fly over Tokyo Bay, but the new route also passes over central Tokyo, such as Shibuya, Shinjuku and Shinagawa.
Bankruptcies increased in nine of the 10 surveyed industries.
The survey, set for fiscal 20, will include a wide range of items related to children, such as diet, learning proficiency and community involvement, in addition to the child's poverty rate, according to the sources.
The move comes as the ministry aims to create an attractive space in the city, together with the compact city-building, in which houses, commercial facilities and other facilities are gathered at the center, to cope with the country's falling population.
In a letter sent to U.S. President Donald Trump, North Korean leader Kim Jong Un said that he made "a small apology" for the short-range missile launch and intends to stop the launch after the end of U.S.-South Korean military exercises on Tuesday.
"Opposition parties other than the Ishin should respond to discussions at the Constitutional Review Board set up to discuss the revised items," Baba continued.
"Amending the constitution in line with the times is our mission to live in the present times," he said.
This time, a popular "Tapioca Milk Tea" store opened in Japan from Taiwan, sparking the popularity, industry sources said.
In recent years, Germany has placed importance on relations with Japan as a partner that shares values, due to the rise of China and its worsening relations with U.S. President Donald Trump.
Tokyo, Aug. 21 (Jiji Press)--Japan's Ministry of Land, Infrastructure, Transport and Tourism said Wednesday that it will allocate 24 of the 50 flights a day equivalent to the increased slots for international flights at Haneda Airport, which will increase from March 2020, to routes between Japan and the United States.
The Aso area, popular among South Koreans who enjoy playing golf, usually sees an increase in the number of golkers in winter.
Specifically, the service will allow elderly people in the room to check their actions with their smartphones and improve the efficiency of checking their safety and other activities at night.
Unofficial sites sometimes appear as advertisements in the Internet search results and consumers sometimes access them mistakenly as official sites, the center said.
Tokyo, Aug. 28 (Jiji Press)--Japan's Health, Labor and Welfare Ministry said Wednesday that 17 of the 44 institutions saw the number of employees with disabilities falling below the required level as of June 1 this year.
Sudan, which has been suspended for the African Union AU, is allowed to attend only related meetings, with 53 African countries participating in the plenary meeting of the international conference.
As of the end of June, the proportion of all Recruit HQ shares held by business companies other than individual investors and institutional investors stood at over 30 pct.
The president unveiled Japan's plan to increase its budget for such areas by more than double from the current level in order to strengthen the competitiveness of such areas as materials and parts, for which Japan has strengthened its export control.
Still, according to the survey as of June last year, only 116 of the country's 728 firefighting headquarters have introduced the use of drones, while 72 have actually used them.
In order to avoid sending data in error, users will be required not to send e-mails to the court but to upgrade their data to a dedicated system, according to the sources.
The insurance business law prohibits policyholders from telling important items, such as insurance premiums and compensation details, or transferring contracts without telling facts that would be disadvantageous.
In 2018, Toyota produced some 129,000 units at the plant, accounting for 8.5 pct of all vehicles produced in Britain this year.
A company employee in the city of Osaka, who came with his family, 28, 2000, said, "I came to buy a TV that I put in the living room in a rush before the tax hike."
As for the impact of the latest move in tariffs on the Japanese and global economies, Suga said, "I would like to refrain from responding with forethought."
MaaS Global currently operates services in Finland, Belgium and Britain, aiming to offer them in Japan as well.
Five of the seven component indicators improved on the back of solid automobile-related shipments and production.
The agency calls for "limiting the use of such products and consulting with the closest medical institution if there are physical problems, such as diarrhea, after the use of ketogenne for health foods."
A proposal to increase the out-of-pocket payments of medical expenses under the health insurance system for elderly people to 20 pct from the current 10 pct has emerged, and the government is considering raising out-of-pocket payments for users of nursing care services.
The Pope has taken a stance against the death penalty system, and his remarks about Japan's death penalty system are attracting attention.
The average price rose 19.5 pct to 64.05 million yen, fueled by the launch of relatively expensive condominiums in Tokyo's densely populated 23 wards, including one in the Olympic village.
The U.S. administration of U.S. President Donald Trump decided last year to strengthen the screening of foreign investors due to a sense of caution in China, which is emerging rapidly in the IT sector and elsewhere.
In August this year, the Japanese government added 20 sectors, such as integrated circuits, mobile phones and software, for the target industries that require foreign companies to make prior notification.
20000 said, "Our stores focus on consultation operations."
In Chiba Prefecture, a total of six people were required to be hospitalized for three weeks or longer, followed by 201 who were required to be hospitalized for a short time and 289 who were less severe.
In the logistics industry, Yamato Holdings has already installed more than 4,000 parcel delivery boxes and Japan Post Co. has more than 300 units.
The bereaved families started on the street and on the blog to indict the 2000 suspects and carry out signing activities demanding severe punishments, saying that severe punishments for perpetrators would lead to the prevention of a recurrence.
The current initial salary is set at 133,500 yen per month for SDF candidates with term in office and 169,900 yen for general cadets for all-life jobs in principle, both below the 171,200 yen set for police officers employed by central government agencies.
Meanwhile, the number of "targeted e-mail attacks" that send virus-tainted e-mails to steal important information from companies and others rose 4.2 pct to 2,687 in the first half of this year.
The ministry announced the previous month's export and import results in a preliminary report in mid-every month, followed by announcing detailed export results by product name and other items in an additional report.
Still, 0000 said, "Many people who shop every day at major supermarkets are not sure whether to go to small and midsize supermarkets."
There were no overcharges for passengers who used commuter tickets or paid in cash.
Under the policy, the government will also work to strengthen the production base for the target products, support companies promoting overseas expansion and strengthen the competitiveness of domestic industries.
Abe instructed relevant government officials to make all-out efforts to collect and analyze information on the missile launch, such as providing information quickly and accurately to the public and thorough safety checks on aircraft, ships and other items.
In September, the consumer confidence index fell 1.9 pct due to a stock market slump, the biggest drop since February 2016.
