The RCEP confirmed its policy to focus on negotiations so that a ministerial meeting will be held in Tokyo on July 1 and a summit meeting in Singapore in late November for a conclusion.
Fukushima, July 29. · Jiji Press Co., Ltd. ·- Some facilities in Fukushima Prefecture have resumed normal operations at J Village, a national football center that has been used for more than seven years as a base for responding to the March 2011 nuclear disaster.
Evacuation advice and evacuation orders have been issued for the city of Hiroshima and for many residents of the devastated areas hit by the heavy rain that began this month.
The Peace Declaration, in accordance with the outline, calls for the establishment of security that does not depend on nuclear weapons by nuclear-armed states and others, while calling for the devastation of the atomic bombings and the inhumanity of nuclear weapons.
The percentage of men who smoke was 27.8%, down 0.4 percentage points, and that of women was 8.7%, down 0.3 percentage points.
The Japan Maritime Self-Defense Force (JMSDF) is planning to launch another Aegis vessel in 2019, and will have eight Kaiji Aegis vessels in 2021.
Berlin, July 29, Berlin Current Events - At the Varna International Ballet Competition, one of the three major ballet competitions in the world, Japan ranked second in the men's junior category with 0000.
Regarding the situation on the Korean Peninsula, Cabinet ministers have expressed "welcome" to the inter-Korean summit in April and the U.S.-North Korea summit in June, and are calling for continued efforts to achieve denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula.
New job openings by industry were up 4.0%, welfare increased 3.8%, and manufacturing, including automakers, increased 3.5%.
On the other hand, telecommunications dropped 11.2% and lodging and food service dropped 3.2%.
The shipment index fell 0.2% to 101.3 from a drop in shipments of petroleum and coal products at oil refineries.
The Bank of Japan will keep the negative interest rate policy of applying minus 0.1% to current accounts held by financial institutions to the Bank of Japan, but will reduce the target of the negative interest rate from about 10 trillion yen to about 5 trillion yen.
Tokyo, July 31. Jiji Press reported on Tuesday that prosecutors voluntarily interviewed around 10 senior officials of the Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology in a corruption case involving senior officials of the Ministry.
Sources said the 〇000 suspects are believed to have other top Sports Agency officials and other Education Ministry officials with the 0000 suspects.
There is a proposal to use plutonium owned by TEPCO Holdings, which cannot be reactivated due to the suspension of operation, at other nuclear power plants.
Of these, 2,059 companies reported investments in Japan and 867 companies reported investments overseas.
In a press conference on Wednesday, Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga said, "The government will accelerate preparations for the ceremony to follow the succession and make sure that the ceremony is carried out without any consequences."
The difference between domestic lending rates and deposit rates was reduced by four out of five companies excluding Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Holdings.
Tokyo, Aug 2. Jiji News Agency reported on Thursday that the amount of damage from special scams in Japan, such as bank transfer fraud, decreased by 1.33 billion yen from the same period last year to 17.49 billion yen for the fourth consecutive term.
The National Police Agency pointed out that while the overall number is decreasing due to a sharp decrease in the number of refund scams, the number of "I'm" scams is increasing and the situation continues to be extremely serious.
Toshiba said that there is no change to the previous forecast, as the full-year forecast for the fiscal year ending March 2019 has already factored in a reversal.
Singapore, August 2, Singapore Current Affairs - Foreign Minister Taro Kono and South Korean Foreign Minister Kang Kyung-hwa confirmed on Thursday close coordination between Japan and South Korea as well as the three countries of Japan, the U.S., and South Korea toward the denuclearization of North Korea.
While Mr. Kono expressed concern about the situation in the South China Sea, where China is moving to become a military base, Mr. Wang expressed the view that he is moving in a stable direction.
Higashimatsushima, Miyagi Prefecture, August 2. · Current News Agency Prime Minister Shinzo Abe announced on Thursday that the government will complete relocation to public housing by fiscal 2020 for victims of the March 2011 disaster who live in temporary housing in Iwate and Miyagi prefectures.
The June trade deficit with Japan fell 3.4% to $5.3 billion for the third consecutive month.
Singapore, Aug. 3 - Foreign Minister Taro Kono had a short conversation with North Korean Foreign Minister Lee Yong-ho on Friday night in Singapore.
The judge dismissed the defense’s claim that the third-party DNA type detected in adhesive tape attached to the girl’s body belonged to the true culprit, considering that it might be included in the fingerprint detection process.
Of those who did not evacuate, over 80% said they did not feel it was urgent to evacuate or thought their home was okay.
Some members said that the side effects of the Bank's large-scale purchases of JGBs on the liquidity and functioning of the JGB market had become apparent in various ways.
After obtaining information on the records, the ministry dispatched an employee to Mongolia in June to confirm the existence of the records.
Records of criminal trials will be kept by the District Public Prosecutors' Office in charge of the first trial for up to 100 years. || However, after this period of retention, records other than the judgment are often discarded.
Rishiri, Hokkaido, August 4. · On Saturday, Their Majesties Emperor Akihito and Empress Michiko visited Rishiri Island for the first time during their three-day visit to Hokkaido.
On behalf of the organizers, Hokkaido Governor Harumi Takahashi said, "We will take pride in the diverse values and attractiveness that our predecessors have honed over the years, and pass on the irreplaceable Furusato, Hokkaido to generations 50 years from now, 100 years from now."
Singapore, 5 August Singapore Current Affairs - Foreign Minister Taro Kono and Singapore Foreign Minister Vivian Balakrishnan on Sunday agreed to strengthen relations between Japan and the Association of Southeast Asian Nations.
The Hiroshima Prefectural Association of Korean Atomic Bomb Victims, Vice-President, noted the aging of atomic bomb survivors who returned to North Korea after the war.
The ministry said that 123 of the company's 128 offices across the country were subject to excessive bills.
Some A-bomb survivors said they could tell their grandchildren that they couldn't tell their children.
According to the prefectural disaster management headquarters, about 1.52 million people in Hiroshima were given evacuation advice, but only about 6,000 were actually evacuated.
The surface of the gold coin is decorated with a phoenix representing His Majesty the Emperor and paulownia and birch representing Their Majesties the Emperor and Empress Michiko, while the surface of the bronze coin is characterized by the design of the carriage used in the 1959 Their Majesties' Wedding Parade.
There is a front on the north side of Typhoon No. 13, and the Japan Meteorological Agency (JMA) called on the Kanto-Koshin area and the Pacific side of the Tohoku area to be vigilant against heavy rain, storms, and high waves before the typhoon approaches.
The Japan Meteorological Agency's 0000 forecasters said they would like to ask residents in the affected areas to evacuate early, following the relevant local government evacuation advice.
Four of the seven indicators that can be compared with the previous month deteriorated.
Tokyo, Aug 07 ·-- The Ministry of Finance on Tuesday revised up its economic assessment of Hokkaido in its quarterly regional economic report, while the Chugoku region, which was hit by heavy rains in July, did not make a decision.
Discussions on issues related to the deployment, such as environmental conservation and compensation for accidents, have been suspended since the Japan Ground Self-Defense Force helicopter crash in February in Kanzaki City, Saga Prefecture.
Wind speed is more than 25 meters within 70 kilometers from the center of the typhoon, and wind speed is more than 15 meters within 560 kilometers to the east and 280 kilometers to the west of the center.
The Japanese insurance company also formed a sales alliance with the Suncorp Group and aims to expand its business in Australia by utilizing the Suncorp Group's sales network.
In December 2014, Japan Power Co., Ltd. requested a review on the conformity with the new standards for nuclear power plants under construction.
“Lawson has a nationwide presence, so we would like to contribute to the local economy together with local financial institutions,” he said.
The survey includes the number of applicants by gender and age and the number of successful applicants over the past six years.
For this reason, the fish wholesaler cooperated with the transport company to store frozen tuna in a truck equipped with a powerful freezer until just before 4:30 a.m. when the place of sale opens.
Japan and Russia designated 18 years as the year of exchange between Japan and Russia at their summit meeting in 2016.
Revenue from lottery tickets is a valuable source of revenue for local governments, but it tends to decrease, and revenue from 439.8 billion yen in FY05 has fallen to 299.6 billion yen in FY2017.
According to a survey conducted by the Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology (MEXT), 60.3% of schools and 39.7% of local governments dealt with school meals in fiscal 2016.
The LDP's special council, which is envisaged by the ruling Liberal Democratic Party (LDP), intends to encourage the government to secure a budget for the issue outside the scope of the ordinary budget for science and technology.
Two years after JXTG was established through the business integration of JX Holdings and Tonen General Oil, Idemitsu and Showa Shell were integrated in April 2019, and the industry is heading into a three-strong era.
São Paulo, Aug. 14 Cão Paulo Current Affairs - Foreign Minister Taro Kono and Peruvian Foreign Minister Nestor Popolicio on Tuesday agreed to promote democratization against the dictatorship of Venezuelan President Nicolás Maduro.
Under the name of LDP President Shinzo Abe, a special assistant to the LDP President Masahiko Shibayama, who visited the shrine on behalf of the LDP President, paid the Tamagushi Fee as a proxy.
On May 29, 2015, an explosive eruption erupted in Mount Shindake, forcing all residents to evacuate outside the island after the agency raised the alert level to 5, which requires immediate evacuation.
The agency lowered its volcanic alert level from 5 to 3 in June 2016 to level 2 in April this year, because the last minor eruption on June 19, 2015, had not occurred.
Meanwhile, the number of visitors from China increased by 12.6% to 879,100, Taiwan increased by 3.1% to 460,500, and the United States increased by 13.4% to 146,700.
According to the ministry, the State Disaster Prevention Air Corps informed the ministry of its flight plans for the helicopter at 8:53 a.m., just before Friday's flight.
It was also revealed that the Prefectural Air Force Disaster Management Service had contacted the Tokyo Airport Office of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs about 11:19 a.m. on Friday, even though the helicopter had not arrived at Heliport in Maebashi.
One expert reported that of the 110 remains examined, there were five Japanese DNA types and 54 Filipino types.
Tokyo, Aug. 17 ·- The Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology announced Friday that Japanese high school students won three gold medals and one silver medal at the 12th International Geology Olympics held this month in Thailand.
We will increase the number of immigration officers and immigration control officers, and make it stricter to grasp the work situation of foreigners and to respond to illegal stay in Japan.
The conference includes the 20-nation Interregion, which is scheduled to be held in Osaka in June.
The face photo is taken by the camera installed at the unmanned gate and automatically checked against the passport with the IC chip to verify the identity.
“Cooperation must be advanced to further increase the number of States Parties,” he said, expressing his intention to strengthen efforts to increase the number of States Parties.
Of the 18 RCEP negotiations, 16 countries, including China, have already agreed on four areas, including government procurement and facilitation of customs procedures.
The utilization of nursing care robots that support excretion and walking is expected to significantly reduce the physical burden on nursing care staff and alleviate the labor shortage in the nursing care industry.
After the same day, Suga mentioned issues such as promoting the distribution of used devices and releasing SIM locks that would make it impossible to use devices sold by mobile carriers on the lines of other companies.
In 2017, there were about 950,000 foreigners staying in the six prefectures of the Tohoku region, an increase of about 90% since 2010, but only 1.3% of the total number of foreigners staying in Japan.
The ministry is considering demanding an estimated budget for fiscal 2019 of 5.9351 trillion yen, an increase of 11.8% from the previous year's budget.
Abe said Japan and the U.S. are in perfect agreement with a policy of achieving complete denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula.
South America dramatically eased restrictions in December 2012. || But Fukushima Prefecture products continued to be restricted, including the requirement to produce a certificate of origin and a certificate of testing of radioactive materials.
The four companies will negotiate to jointly build and decommission nuclear power plants in Korea and set up a new company to manage and maintain nuclear power plants, sources said.
The agency has issued a warning of high temperatures in coastal areas of the Sea of Japan, including the Hokuriku region, calling attention to heatstroke.
Of the five companies, Diamet, which handles automotive parts, may have been falsified since around 1977 at the latest. || Even after the fraud was discovered, the president at the time instructed continued shipment of fraudulent products.
While evacuation orders were issued to a part of Katano City, Osaka Prefecture, many municipalities in western Japan, such as Marugame City, Kagawa Prefecture, were issued evacuation orders.
FUKUI, Aug. 25 · The government conducted an integrated disaster prevention drill on Saturday on the assumption that a serious accident occurred at the Oi and Takahama nuclear power plants of Kansai Electric Power Co., Inc.
The test vehicle is equipped with a ZMP-developed automated driving system in a minivan, which automatically operates the steering wheel, accelerator, and brake.
After the verdict, the victim's daughter, 49, told reporters, "I think the verdict is lighter than the weight of my mother's life. The law doesn't suit the times."
In 2017, the newly discovered AIDS virus decreased by 35 to 976 people, and the number of new patients who had already developed AIDS decreased by 24 to 413.
Fraud was found in over 80% of 27 of the 33 central government agencies surveyed.
Tokyo, Aug 28. ^ Jiji News Agency On Tuesday, Jiji News Agency reported that the Ministry of Internal Affairs and Communications plans to strengthen the safety measures of disaster prevention helicopters owned by local governments in the wake of the recent fatal accident of a disaster prevention helicopter.
The document refers to Chinese President Xi Jinping's remarks that his country would accelerate the development of intelligence militarization, deter war, and win war.
Tokyo, Aug. 29. ^-- The Cabinet Office plans to extend the tax benefits system for companies that donate to local governments that are working on regional revitalization, officials told Jiji Press on Wednesday. || According to officials familiar with the Cabinet Office's plan, it is a system to donate to local governments. The corporate version "Furusato Tax" launched in 2016 will extend the current deadline until fiscal 2019 for five years.
It also aims to obtain one jet and one surveying machine to strengthen its maritime surveillance and survey system.
He stressed that Japan should not consider this issue as an extension of its previous policy, but instead identify the defense capability that is truly necessary for the country.
At the meeting of the National Assembly, a group of companies asked the Japanese government to closely cooperate with the U.S. aviation authorities in response to the U.S.’ plan to develop air regulations for flying vehicles.
Abe, who has touted his strong relationship with Trump, also stressed that Japan-U.S. relations are stronger than ever before in his regional campaign for the ruling Liberal Democratic Party (LDP) presidential election in September.
The breakdown is 24.7 billion yen for the G20 Summit in Osaka in June and 1.2 billion yen for the 7th Tokyo International Conference on African Development in Kanagawa in August.
As private apartment supply declined, rental apartments fell 1.4% to 35,847, the 14th consecutive month of decline.
For two years, the NPO, which has about 110 free school operating organizations and related groups in Japan, has been providing information on organizations that provide shelters and provide free telephone consultations during this period.
The fishermen claim that dolphin fishing is part of Japanese tradition and culture, but the organizers argue that fishing is not traditional now because the boats and fishing gear are far more advanced than in the past.
Last year, a bomber capable of carrying the missile was seen passing through the airspace between the main island of Okinawa and Miyako Island to the Kii Peninsula or passing through the Tsushima Strait.
Manufacturers of information and communication machinery, chemical products, and transportation machinery, including semiconductors, saw a large increase in spending.
Ordinary profit in the manufacturing industry increased by 27.5% to 10.4766 trillion yen due to growth of information and communication equipment manufacturers and production equipment manufacturers.
The combined sales of all companies surveyed rose 5.1% to 344.6149 trillion yen, supported by higher sales of electronic parts for automobile machinery and strong exports of automobiles to Asia.
On the other hand, the end of tsuyuake in the Kanto region including Tokyo was around June 29, and the earliest end of tsuyuake was confirmed since that year.
At a press conference on Tuesday, Chief Cabinet Secretary Osamu Fujimura said, "It is important for companies, universities and other stakeholders to discuss the issue with full consideration of students."
Matsui said at a press conference that this is a "state of emergency" | | He said that if the function of the airport declines, it is necessary to supplement the entrance function from overseas.
In order to gather information, the government has set up a task force office at the Crisis Management Center of the official residence.
On the other hand, the total demand for fiscal investment and loan plans. The total demand for financial investment fell 12.9% from the previous fiscal year to 12.5973 trillion yen, the lowest level in the past 20 years, due to the downward trend in demand for financial investment following the economic recovery.
On the other hand, Language One Tokyo, which is involved in the telephone interpretation business, has started providing free interpretation services via telephone in 12 languages, including English and Korean.
Known as swine fever, the epidemic affects pigs and wild boars.
Eating infected pork does not spread the disease to humans.
Among the three production lines in the factory, only one line that produces canned beer and other products has resumed operation.
The Prime Minister also said he expects to raise the consumption tax from 8% to 10% in October next year as scheduled.
If the ministry passes the increase on to retail prices, it will raise household thin powders by around 3.8 yen per kilogram.
00000 from PWJ, the handler of another rescue dog...46.
The Ministry of Finance said the downturn in western Japan's torrential downpours in July was seen in some parts of China and Shikoku, but its impact on the overall Japanese economy was limited. ||"The latest survey reflects the overall trend of the economy, which is recovering moderately," a Ministry of Finance official said.
Applicants, who were born before April 1, 2002 and are qualified to apply, can choose from up to three categories, from the following nine categories: guidance, competition, mobile support, attendants, operational support, healthcare, technology, media, and ceremonies.
In 2016, when a series of earthquakes occurred in Kumamoto, the website introduced a system that allowed municipalities that were not devastated to act on their behalf, such as accepting donations and issuing certificates of receipt, in order to lighten the burden on affected municipalities.
Prices of electrical equipment and transportation equipment declined 0.4%, respectively.
In about 60% of the 414 cases, violations of laws and regulations, such as not crossing a pedestrian crossing, occurred while being near a pedestrian crossing.
The Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry (METI) aims to reduce the purchase price of 18 yen per kilowatt-hour from companies to 22 yen in FY18 and 8.5 yen per kilowatt-hour in FY24 and 11 yen per kilowatt-hour in FY25.
Abe refutes that his policy is not a conflict between the local economy and the Tokyo economy. ||"If the Tokyo economy improves, the price of agricultural produce produced in the local area will rise," Abe says.
Although the research that won the award itself did not bear fruit, 〇000 told Jiji Tsushin before the ceremony that "this research became the starting point of my research aimed at zero deaths from colorectal cancer."
Later on the same day, U.S. Special Representative Kim Jong Un met with the Secretary-General of the Families of Abductees’ Association of 0000 and pledged to give all he can to the return of Japanese victims.
Tokyo, Sept. 14 ·-- In a September poll released on Friday by the Jiji News Agency, the approval rating of Shinzo Abe's cabinet surged 3.2 percentage points to 41.7%, the first time in seven months to surpass its disapproval rating.
According to sources, MHI plans to use a portion of the estimated 120 billion yen to resolve its insolvency in fiscal 2018, particularly through measures such as equalization of debt.
The ministry also said that the population over the age of 70 was 26.18 million, accounting for 20.7% of the total population.
The upgrade follows the U.S. government's decision to pay military aid to an early-warning aircraft, the E2D, with its increased detection capability, to strengthen U.S. air force's capability to monitor the Nansei Islands.
Before the disaster of Typhoon No. 21, Kansai International Airport had about 170 round trips a day. || Currently, the number of flights has fallen to around 70.
Exports of pharmaceuticals and construction and mining machinery increased by 5.3% to 1.2459 trillion yen, while imports of aircraft increased by 21.5% to 790.1 billion yen, the highest ever in August.
The Fisco Group will also consider acquiring a majority stake in Tech Bureau and dispatching a majority of directors.
Hayabusa2 dropped a Minerva 2-1 probe robot at 1:06 p.m. GMT when it reached about 55 meters above Ryugu. | Thursday, the spacecraft began its descent from 20 kilometers above.
Halifax, Canada, Sept. 20 Halifax, U.S.A. Canada · The Environment of the Seven Advanced Countries · G7 On Thursday, the Marine Energy Minister agreed to promote the recycling of plastic waste and the development of disposal technologies as part of efforts to reduce marine plastic waste emissions.
Iron ore-based converter steel rose 0.5% to 6,813,000 tons while iron scrap-based electric furnace steel rose 2.2% to 1,992,000 tons.
By type of steel, H-steel used in large buildings increased by 1.3%, and small steel bars for residential use increased by 1.2%.
According to sources, Trump is threatening to impose additional tariffs on imported cars and parts, while Prime Minister Abe stresses the importance of free trade based on international rules and wants to avoid U.S. President Donald Trump imposing additional tariffs.
DI is calculated by subtracting the percentage of companies that view business conditions as bad from the percentage of companies that view business conditions as good.
The Ministry of Defense has budgeted R&D of gliders since fiscal 2018 | | The Ministry of Defense has requested a budget of 13.8 billion yen for related expenditures for the following fiscal year since April.
Newspaper and magazine advertising also rose 9.7% and 4.3%, respectively.
The average premium rate also rose to a record 9.167% as 204 unions increased their premium rates.
In recent years, there has been a significant increase in transport demand for automotive parts and electronic components between the two regions, sources said.
Tokai No.2 will expire on November 27 for 40 years. || The extension of the operation period requires a series of individual approvals by the NRA, including a construction plan that describes the detailed design of the equipment and facilities.
The minister said in a statement that TEPCO management was responsible for each management decision and that TEPCO explained that its support for JAPC would not seriously affect compensation and decommissioning for residents and companies affected by the nuclear disaster.
According to Nissan, its flagship Oppama Plant, Yokosuka City, Kanagawa Prefecture, and four other plants in Japan have been rewriting exhaust gas data or treating invalid data as valid data.
The agency recommends vaccination to people who have never been infected with rubella or who have not been vaccinated.
While Mr. Rouhani asked for cooperation in continuing the nuclear deal, Mr. Abe emphasized the importance of continuing to implement the nuclear deal.
International cargo volume decreased by 10% to 168,510 tons || Jet fuel refueling decreased by 2% to 373,805 kiloliters.
The EU has agreed to start discussions on reducing tariffs on industrial products other than automobiles, instead of sparing tariffs on automobiles.
Referring to the Japan Health Insurance Association's recent survey, Mr. 0000 showed that there have been calls from some elderly people for an increase in the percentage of elderly people's out-of-pocket.
Regarding the relationship with the General Federation of Korean Residents in Japan and the General Federation of Korean Residents in Japan, the presiding judge pointed out that there are reasonable suspicions that the Korean School has been intervened beyond the limits of the General Federation of Korean Residents and is under the control that distorts the autonomy of education.
Prime Minister Abe told President Trump during the meeting that it is important for the country to continue to install high-performance equipment, including U.S. equipment, to respond to the severe security environment, according to Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga at a press conference.
This increase seems to reflect an increase in the number of foreigners residing in Japan, such as those who study or find employment in Japan.
10:00 a.m. in Nanjo, Okinawa. · 1:00 p.m. GMT. · The strongest maximum instantaneous wind speed of 56.2 meters was observed before this station.
Under restructuring, the company plans to hire 1,500 employees in April 2019, which is the same level as the company's hiring in April 2015 before the company discovered fraudulent accounting.
The government has adjusted the supplementary budget in two stages. | | | The first supplementary budget will focus on recovery from recent natural disasters such as a major earthquake in Hokkaido last month, while the second supplementary budget will focus on disaster prevention-related projects.
In August, the Japanese automaker dissolved a capital tie-up with Toyota Motor Corporation, seeking a new partner.
The proposed lump sum will also be paid to those who have agreed to undergo permanent contraception or have undergone other types of surgery, such as hysterectomy.
NEMURO, HOKKAIDO, OCTOBER 5 · On Friday, a joint public-private research team on the Japan-Russia Joint Economic Activities on the four disputed Northern Islands returned to Hokkaido's Nemuro port.
Toshiyuki Matsumori, director of the Earthquake and Tsunami Monitoring Department at the Japan Meteorological Agency, said that the earthquake activity in the area will continue for the time being.
Four people died in a landslide in the Tomisato area of Atsuma-cho. She ran a farm there.
According to an official, the IOC asked the Tokyo Organizing Committee to advance the start time of the sport last month, adding that the Boating Federation intends to end the sport in the morning to protect players from the heat of midsummer.
"The world is trying to reduce the slaughter punishment," he said. || The local government's idea is that the slaughter punishment is unavoidable.
The company's operating revenue grew only slightly due to the closure of unprofitable stores. || However, net income rose sharply to 30.3 billion yen, up 35.8%, thanks to profit from sales of super subsidiaries in Hong Kong.
In the February survey, Myanmar ranked Thailand as the top country along with Singapore, but since the beginning of this month, Myanmar has waived visas for Japanese tourists, and Japan has emerged as the only country in the latest ranking.
Unili Famima aims to separate the sluggish supermarket business and focus its management resources on its core convenience store business.
TOKYO, Oct. 11 ·-- A survey conducted by Jiji Tsushin on Thursday found that about 90% of the 380 municipalities that are required by the Ministry of Internal Affairs and Communications to review the Furusato Nzei, a system that donates money to local governments.
According to a plan submitted by the Tokyo Metropolitan Government to the Ministry of Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries in August, the amount of seafood handled at the Toyosu market in FY2023 is estimated to be 616,400 tons, a 60% increase from the amount handled at the Tsukiji market in FY17.
Also, 56.8% of pet owners said they would always go to a shelter together, while 10% said they would not go to a shelter to stay with their pets.
The G20 faces trade tensions between its members, but disagreements should be resolved directly by the members involved in the tensions, he said.
In order to prevent excessive return gifts, the Ministry of Internal Affairs and Communications issued a notice to each local government requesting that the procurement price of return gifts be kept below 30% of the donation amount.
Eon and Fuji will jointly procure products and also jointly develop private brand products sold in the Chugoku region of Shikoku, where Fuji is based.
In addition to Ehime, Fuji has more than 90 general supermarkets and food supermarkets in three prefectures in Kagawa, Kochi, and Tokushima, as well as in two prefectures in the Chugoku region, Hiroshima and Yamaguchi.
The court found the plaintiff guilty based only on confessions in the investigation stage of 0000. || However, the Kumamoto District Court and the Fukuoka High Court both denied the credibility of the confession in the retrial request trial.
At Taki Chemical, a researcher who had been studying mushrooms at the university began research on fully artificial cultivation of Matsutake mushrooms about six years ago.
Regarding the reason for the decision, the Ministry explained that it is necessary to introduce missiles that can be handled safely by SDF personnel from outside the threat zone of the opponent.
The Japanese Crested Ibis Project began in 2008, and a total of 308 birds have been released so far in Japan.
Three types of trading methods will be empirically studied, including the auction method, which is established when the price of a buy order matches the price of a sell order.
In fiscal 2016 and 2017, a total of 110 tunnels, which were inspected by the three companies, were examined by the Inspection Yuan.
The 727.5 billion yen includes the disposal of disaster waste, financial support for small and medium-sized companies affected by the disaster, and support for the restoration of the Kansai International Airport Bridge, which was damaged by a tanker washed away during a large typhoon.
Of these, 21 groups have confirmed the damage, 11 groups say it is difficult to investigate, and 14 groups are investigating.
It is expected that the U.S. will propose a specific purpose for negotiations with Japan 30 days before the start of negotiations.
On October 9, a system failure occurred on one of the four lines connecting the trading system of the Tokyo Stock Exchange and a securities company.
For this reason, the government requires credit card companies and payment service companies to lower fees during the period.
He made his fourth consecutive appearance at the Olympics since the 2004 Athens Olympics.
The government wants to finish reviewing the draft of the amendment by the sub-committee within the week. || The LDP and its coalition partner, New Komeito, have completed the legislature procedures within the next week and are aiming to submit it to the Diet.
The total number of customers dropped 2.6% in two months to 1,343.28 million, up 6.3% to 623 yen, reflecting the demand.
According to the report, the lending attitude of financial institutions has been relaxed due to large-scale monetary easing, and lending has been increasing, especially among firms with relatively low creditworthiness.
In September 2012, a law was enacted to realize this initiative. || However, TOCOM, the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry, and the Ministry of Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries of the relevant ministries and agencies have been reluctant, and the plan has not been realized.
The blackout in Hokkaido was caused mainly by the suspension of all three Tomato Atsuma thermal power plants of Hokkaido Electric Power Co., which covered about half of the electricity consumed in Hokkaido until the earthquake on September 6, and the suspension of hydroelectric power plants due to damage to power lines.
On the other hand, prices of civil engineering, building services, and employment placement services continued to rise against the background of labor shortages.
Of the 538 plants across Japan that carried out the survey, six in the manufacturing sector reported a total of eight cases of bladder cancer.
The test delivery took place approximately nine kilometers between the post office in Minamisoma City and the post office in Namie Town.
Ayako worshipped the spirits of successive emperors and imperial families at the Korei-den Hall and at the temples where the gods of the country were worshipped as well.
The Japanese side will continue to press China for easing the embargo and aim to achieve the easing until Chinese President Xi Jinping's visit to Japan, which is expected to happen next year.
Since the first tournament in Oita Prefecture in 1981, Their Majesties have attended almost every tournament.
The Trump administration has complained that Japan has tariff and non-tariff barriers in the areas of automobiles, agriculture, and services, and there is expected to be fierce debate on these areas on both sides, observers said.
Hitachi and SBI intend to utilize huge amounts of payment data to provide various new services such as management advice to customers and prevention of fraudulent payments.
The Self-Defense Forces (SDF), which will host about 47,000 people, and the U.S. military, which will host training sessions on ballistic missile defense and defense of remote islands, will comprise 9,500 members.
Under the current international tax rules, the government cannot, in principle, tax foreign companies that do not have a headquarters, such as factories and branches, in its jurisdiction.
The interim report on digital taxation compiled by the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) in March calls for a review of this principle.
After Prime Minister Abe made a congratulatory speech, Crown Prince Naruhito gave a toast and said, "Please help each other and build a cheerful family that can never stop laughing."
Of the four categories that make up the index, living conditions deteriorated for the second consecutive month, while income growth and employment conditions deteriorated.
On the other hand, KDDI, which is strengthening non-core fields such as payment services and Internet mail order sales, will use Rakuten's logistics infrastructure to streamline its logistics delivery operations.
In 2005, two F15 fighter jets from the Chitose Air Base came into contact with each other during combat training.
A total of 142 local governments, more than 59 in the previous survey, participated in the drill, with the aim of strengthening cooperation with related organizations.
This is the first time that Japan has collected goods from the ISS. || Until now, the collection of goods has been limited to the United States and Russia.
The government will take measures to ensure that three major mobile phone companies and mobile phone distributors properly display advertisements.
In a joint press statement following the meeting, Prime Minister Abe explained that the two sides shared the view that full implementation of the United Nations Security Council resolutions on North Korea is necessary for the complete denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula.
Government officials say the Golden Week holiday is intended to increase the public's mood for the Crown Prince's accession to the throne and to reduce the impact on people's lives from the current Heisei era change, which will take place on May 1.
At the meeting, Mr. Abe and Mr. Pence shared the view that full implementation of the United Nations Security Council resolution on North Korea is necessary for the complete denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula.
If the RCEP is concluded, it will create an economic zone that accounts for half of the world's population and 30% of the world's total trade and GDP.
He urged countries that maintain import restrictions on Japanese food products to repeal the restrictions as soon as possible.
There are eight livestock farms in the area, and a total of 8,500 pigs and wild boars are said to be kept there.
In particular, the Chugoku and Shikoku regions gained 5.9 points to 64.7% and the Chubu region gained 4.0 points to 76.0%.
The person concerned said that the president and the pilot in command of the 0000 were suspected of failing to perform confirmation service of the total weight of the aircraft prior to takeoff in violation of the regulations established by the Civil Aeronautics Act, and flying the aircraft in excess of its weight.
With regard to the Act on Promotion of Women's Participation and Advancement in the Workplace, the Ministry aims to expand the scope of the formulation of the action plan, which is currently mandatory for companies with 301 or more employees, to companies with 101 or more employees.
In October, Japan's trade balance with China recorded a deficit of 406.2 billion yen, rising 52.1% to the seventh consecutive month, reflecting growth in imports of clothing and mobile phones.
In its May proposal, the ruling Liberal Democratic Party (LDP) had urged the government to consider incorporating into its guidelines the acquisition of capabilities to strike military bases - such as ballistic missiles - that could be needed to launch weapons against Japan.
Nissan will submit a proposal at its board of directors meeting on Thursday to release the 0000 suspects' presidency and representative director.
He mentioned that digitization of the Russian economy and industry is a new priority in the future, and expressed his expectation for the expansion of investment by Japanese high-tech industries and the promotion of technical cooperation with Russia.
The proposal also calls on the government to target the planned premium coupons for low-income and child-rearing households.
According to a source, the Japanese side suggested that private companies should take charge of the future of the alliance because it was a talk between private companies, and the French side did not raise any objections.
The team, led by Prof. 0000 and Prof. 0000, injects about 2 million neuroprogenitor cells derived from iPS cells into the site of injury of 4 patients 2^ 4 weeks after spinal cord injury.
Prime Minister Abe welcomed the recent lifting of the Chinese government's ban on imports of rice grown in Niigata Prefecture shortly after the March 2011 tsunami disaster at the Fukushima No.1 Nuclear Power Plant. | | Prime Minister Abe called on the Chinese side to lift restrictions on imports of other Japanese food products.
In a press conference, Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga said, “We hope that the construction will proceed while ensuring safety and giving maximum consideration to the natural environment and living environment.”
In 2016, a dish using coriander was chosen, and in 2017, a dish using chicken breast meat was chosen.
In the trade of goods, the trade deficit was 321.7 billion yen, the first deficit in two months, and the growth in imports exceeded the growth in exports.
Between July and December, a Chinese court sentenced a man in Aichi Prefecture to 12 years in prison, a man in Kanagawa Prefecture west of Tokyo to 5 years in prison, and a woman in Tokyo to 6 years in prison.
Orders from manufacturers increased by 12.3% in October, showing strong demand from oil and coal product manufacturers and automobile manufacturers.
According to the elementary school, the number of children evacuated from the school grounds has been 693 times in the past year. || During one physical education class, they had to evacuate five times.
The company's president also said he would like to merge Mitsubishi Regional Jet, the first small-size Japanese commercial jet, with Boeing's main wing production division.
Among them, 60 F35A aircraft were designed for the Air Force, with the remaining F35B aircraft designed for the Marine Corps.
The number of club instructors will increase by 4,500 to 9,000, and the number of support staff who help teachers prepare for classes will increase by 600 to 3,600.
A majority of the respondents answered “welfare and nursing care,” followed by “culture and art and sports promotion” and “child and youth development and child-rearing support.”
In February 2017, it announced the start of clinical research on PGS, and plans to continue clinical research in the future.
On the other hand, Minister of Finance Aso and Minister of Health, Labor and Welfare Takumi Nemoto agreed that the government would pay the full amount for the first half of the year, and in principle, the national and local governments would pay one-half of the amount after that, with regard to the funding plan for the grant of child education and childcare starting in October 2019.
For the construction cost of the Shinkansen, the loan fee paid by each JR company for the use of the facilities will be appropriated first, and the remaining two-thirds will be paid by the national government and the rest by the local government.
Mr. Tamaki told reporters, "Municipalities have the responsibility to carry out prefectural citizen voting." | | "The opportunity to vote must not be lost."
At the Japan-U.S. summit, Reagan expressed his intention to partially lift trade sanctions on Japan. || Reagan partially lifted the sanctions after eight days.
Market sources said there are also concerns about the impact of the Japanese government's decision to effectively eliminate Chinese telecommunications equipment products from contracts. | SoftBank uses Chinese Huawei.
The Japanese economy was supported by strong exports due to the expansion of overseas economies and the depreciation of the yen, and achieved a long-lasting economic expansion, resulting in a rise in stock prices and an increase in employment.
For foreigners living on remote islands where it is difficult to use face-to-face Japanese classes, we will develop online Japanese teaching materials for 100 million yen.
In the lawsuit, Bombardier claims that a subsidiary of Mitsubishi Heavy Industries hired the company's former employees and misused confidential information related to passenger aircraft certification to develop a small jet, the Mitsubishi Regional Jet. | Bombardier is seeking damages and an injunction against the use of information.
Following the ruling on October 30, South Korea’s Supreme Court has issued a series of rulings ordering Japanese companies to compensate for their wartime work.
The response was to encourage medical institutions to use telephone interpreters and to require core facilities to provide specialized medical interpreters.
In the battery business for electric vehicles and other industries, Japanese manufacturers have maintained their technological superiority. || However, in recent years, competition with Korean and Chinese manufacturers has intensified.
Human Holdings operates more than 1,300 classes in Japan, making it one of the largest robot classes in Japan to teach more than 22,000 children.
The supervising organization, in principle, requires trainees to take courses in the Japanese language and daily life for two months. || However, the cooperative allowed the trainees to work at the company despite the course period.
After the acquisition, NEC plans to combine its biometric technology and artificial intelligence with KMD's government-facing AI services.
On the other hand, 90% of respondents said that the Japan-U.S. Security Treaty was "extremely important" or "to some extent important" to U.S. security, up three points.
The survey was conducted by telephone in March this year by a U.S. research company.
According to the defense, the 〇00 suspects say, "If there is such a place, I want to talk in court."
Meanwhile, major tobacco companies have been focusing on the sale of heated tobacco products in recent years.
The prefectural government installed a statue of Luffy on the prefectural government's premises, and about 1,500 fans visited the unveiling ceremony in November 2018.
Kazuo Shii, chairman of the Japanese Communist Party (JCP), expressed his determination to end the move to amend the constitution by saying, “Prime Minister Abe, who has ignored the constitution, does not deserve to change the constitution.”
Iwaya said at a press conference, "In order to deepen our talks with South Korea firmly, it is possible that we will exchange confidential records with each other depending on the outcome of the talks."
Abe's visit to the Netherlands has been since March 2014, and his visit to the UK has been since April ’17.
The U.S. Coast Guard and the U.S. Navy are also investigating the incident.
The Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry (METI) plans to cut the purchase price to around 8.5 yen in fiscal 2022 in order to curb the increase in purchase costs associated with the increased use of renewable energy.
Mentioning that six Japanese start-ups supported by the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry are participating in CES, Seko said, "We will continue to support them and increase the number of such Japanese companies."
Even in industrial activities that seem to have little impact from the disaster, shipments of lithium-ion batteries to the U.S. and production of production machinery decreased.
The number of bankruptcies decreased in seven out of ten industries.
Infiniti Q50 2.2d was sold in Korea in 2014, and Qashqai was sold in 15.
However, medical schools were closed one after another in the middle of the Meiji period due to financial difficulties. || 〇000 According to Dr. Lee, samples may have been donated to local schools.
In December, prices of petroleum and coal products rose 4.7%, a modest increase from the previous month's 14.2%.
The current law stipulates a no-fly airspace for drones and flight restrictions, but there is no provision that requires the pilot to report an accident apart from the police investigation.
For drones, the government’s expert panel is discussing new rules to strengthen safety measures such as mandatory pre-flight inspections and a ban on flying when drunk.
On the other hand, more than half of the respondents answered that they would like to work after age 66 because 28.9% said they want to live a comfortable life economically and 24.9% said they do not think they will have enough living expenses if they do not continue to work.
By gender, male students and female students rose 2.3 points to 87.5% and 1.5 points to 88.5%, respectively.
Students majoring in humanities increased 2.0 percentage points to 87.7%, while students majoring in science increased 1.8 percentage points to 89.0%.
At their meeting in Argentina in December, the two leaders agreed to start negotiations under a new framework headed by Taro Kono and Sergei Lavrov.
At the last meeting, Abe and Putin instructed officials to develop a full-fledged joint effort to start joint economic activities on the four northern islands.
A meeting between the two leaders was held between a small group meeting and a working dinner with only interpreters.
If Japan makes a similar flight, "we will respond vigorously in accordance with the Rules of Response Action," said the OPCON chief.
Of these, 368 were caused by product defects, of which 209 were recalled.
0000 Regarding its responsibilities, the President stated that "the greatest responsibility is to strengthen compliance with laws and regulations."
On the other hand, Mr. 0000 did not specify whether to comply with the 2.5% ceiling, although he "set a ceiling" after FY20.
In principle, data distribution is allowed freely in the United States. | | In Japan, the consent of the person in question is required for the data transfer of personal information.
For more than five years, those eligible for relocation support have been residents living in the Tokyo metropolitan area, including three neighboring prefectures of Saitama, Chiba, and Kanagawa, and commuting to and from Tokyo's 23 densely populated areas.
At the press conference on the same day, Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga said that Chief Cabinet Secretary Sadatsuka was present at the hearing and that he would not allow ministry officials to be present at any new hearing.
09 ^ White home appliances purchased using the national home appliance eco-point system implemented in 11 will be replaced soon.
47 The upper limits for each prefecture in each prefecture are set based on past fishing performance and other factors.
Japanese Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga said at a press conference that South Korea's actions are "extremely problematic." | | Japan has "carried out all the measures it has promised" in the Japan-South Korea agreement, and he said, "We will continue to strongly urge South Korea to carry out steady implementation."
In the revised measures, the ministry has focused on providing information and strengthening measures to encourage foreign visitors to evacuate smoothly in the event of an earthquake during the 2020 Tokyo Olympics and Paralympics.
The Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry estimated that a strong earthquake with a seismic intensity of 6 lower to 7 upper could occur over a wide area from the eastern Kanto region to the southwestern Kyushu region on the seismic intensity scale in Japan.
Karatsu, Saga Prefecture, February 2nd Jiji News & Notices On Saturday, a nuclear emergency drill was held near the Genkai nuclear power plant in Saga Prefecture, and this is the first time such a drill has been conducted since the reactivation of Units 3 and 4 last year.
The Emperor and the new Emperor are not involved in the process of selecting the new era name.
In an effort to attract families, the museum concentrates its efforts on exhibitions and events aimed at children.
〇000 was detained by militants in Afghanistan in 2010 for about five months || In 2016, she was also held by the Kurdistan authorities in Iraq.
Mr. 0000 of the Aquaculture Center of Korea said, "If the system leads to reduction of work and improvement of labor shortage" || Also, Mr. 0000 said that the university will aim to automate the sorting work itself in the future.
Since June, local governments must limit the return gifts to “local products whose amount of proceeds is less than 30% of the amount of donations.”
Prices rose by 409 of the 744 items surveyed and fell by 266.
In 2014, a team led by RIKEN, a government-affiliated organization, conducted the world’s first transplantation of patients with intractable diseases using iPS cells.
In the automotive industry around the world, the production of electric vehicles is accelerating due to the tightening of environmental regulations.
The next generation of models currently produced in the UK are mainly produced in North America.
In Iwate, he said that it is still necessary to have professional support staff such as civil engineering, but it is becoming difficult for other local governments to secure such staff amid the occurrence of large-scale disasters all over the country.
Tokyo, Feb. 21 Jiji News & Notices On Thursday, the National Police Agency reported that the total amount of damage caused by special scams such as bank transfer fraud in Japan fell 9.6% to 35.68 billion yen in 2018, a fourth consecutive year of decline.
The sample part replacement method tends to have higher wages than the total replacement method.
Those who pass the exam will be able to visit the agency except on July 17, when the final interview will be held. · August 2.
Each ministry will evaluate examinees who have come before the announcement of their final acceptance, and will issue a preliminary announcement from August 21, the day after the announcement of their final acceptance.
Nevertheless, Tamaki will notify the Prime Minister and the President of the United States of the results of the vote based on the Prefectural People's Election Ordinance.
A 3.1% rise in road freight charges and a 2.9% rise in worker dispatch service charges are reflected in labor shortages.
As an exception, banks are already able to conditionally own 5% of the shares of companies in financial difficulties due to corporate restructuring.
However, the sanitation environment is not secured, and environmental deterioration due to the waste liquid produced in the cleaning process is a concern.
As of the end of March last year, there were 723 level crossings of three types and 2,726 level crossings of four types across the country.
The Ministry also said the Industrial Machinery Shipment Index fell 4.0% to 99.2, mainly due to lower shipments of transportation and production machinery.
According to the data, the crimes include violations of the Anti-Prostitution Act and the Child Prostitution and Pornography Prohibition Act.
"We will strengthen cooperation with Japan for peace on the Korean Peninsula," Moon said in an English-language speech. ||"We cannot change the past, but we can change the future."
In addition to 0000 professors, 0000 professors of the University of Tokyo who study extremely accurate "optical lattice clocks" will be involved in the donation course. ||| They will also work on research that exceeds the communication capacity limit of the optical fiber network.
0000 The defendant is accused of violating the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act, allegedly underreporting remuneration, and of violating the Companies Act, allegedly causing damage to Nissan.
According to Sky News, Nissan is considering reducing the production lines of the sport utility vehicle Qashqai and electric vehicle Leaf from a three-shift system to a two-shift system at the plant.
Last month, it withdrew part of its production plan at the plant to move production to Japan.
In a restructuring announced in November 2017, Mizuho Fg said it will reduce its workforce by 19,000 by fiscal 2026, and reduce its approximately 500 business sites across the country to approximately 400 by fiscal 2024.
The company is also considering suspending its other three plants in Japan and overseas for several weeks.
According to the president, 0000, Suntory may change the availability and size of price increases depending on the region.
The number of insolvencies declined in six of the 10 industries surveyed, including retail and manufacturing.
According to officials, Nissan began a full-fledged internal investigation in June after receiving a whistle-blower of the 0000 defendants' allegations of wrongdoing.
A little more than 25% of respondents said they "know well" or "know a certain amount" about cyber insurance.
According to a survey conducted last year by the Fire and Disaster Management Agency of the Ministry of Internal Affairs and Communications, about 30% of the 332 fire departments across Japan have decided to stop resuscitation under certain conditions.
Finance Minister Taro Aso took retaliatory measures at a meeting of the House of Representatives Finance and Finance Committee on Tuesday, including adding tariffs, suspending remittances, and suspending visas.
Orders from manufacturers declined by 1.9% for the third consecutive month, reflecting sluggish demand from electrical machinery manufacturers and information and communication equipment manufacturers.
The judge concluded that Kobe Steel's "criminal responsibility is heavy" by mentioning the company's corporate culture that prioritizes delivery time and the lack of awareness of quality compliance among the management team.
Subaru will withdraw from the film business and focus on repairing and cleaning roads.
In a press conference, Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga announced his intention to promote the use of the My Number Card. ||"If the card is not used by the public, the opportunity to improve convenience and economic productivity will be hindered," he said.
The Egyptian army is working with the Israeli army to clean up the area.
The ministry is planning to launch the first nationwide survey on foreign children entering school from around April, and has asked local governments to cooperate in the survey.
After Prime Minister Abe delivered his speech, Emperor Akihito gave his last words.
“We are determined to firmly condemn this vile terrorist attack and to firmly fight against terrorism in close cooperation with New Zealand, Australia, and the international community,” the Chief Cabinet Secretary said.
The corporation has decided to convert two of the remaining four restaurants into pepper lunch restaurants.
The author is believed to be a scholar of Japanese literature, Chinese literature, Japanese history, and Oriental history.
The government is considering injecting some 77,000 of the waste into soft ground, but it is estimated that the improvement will take three years and eight months.
The survey of all 8,417 hospitals across the country was conducted by the Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare, with 47.3% of 3,980 hospitals responding.
The recommendations will be reflected in the Integrated Innovation Strategy to be compiled around June and the AI Strategy to be developed by summer.
The funds raised will mainly be used to raise materials for the production of the latest models and to pay for the funds of Apple's iPhone, which is a major customer of Japan Display.
DI is the percentage of companies that responded that their business condition was "good", minus the percentage that responded that it was "bad".
On March 14 this year, the government asked scholars specializing in Japanese literature, Chinese literature, Japanese history, and Oriental history to come up with a new era name.
The manager of Yodobashi Camera will purchase all outstanding shares of the listed company, including shares held by Advantage Partners, an investment fund which currently owns ICI Ishii Sports.
Among seven indicators that can be compared to the previous month, three improved, including the shipment of durable consumer goods.
Prime Minister Abe said, "We will confirm close cooperation for the success of the G20 Osaka Summit and further strengthen cooperation with other countries."
According to the team, after nearly two years of analysis of data obtained with such a technique as to be able to identify golf balls placed on the Moon from the Earth, images of black holes in rings of bright glowing gas at the center of the M87 were obtained.
The company purchased the cruise used by the suspect's family. || According to sources, the interrogation also asked him to explain the flow of funds and the history of the cruise purchase.
ORIX, a leasing company, announced last week that it had launched a new business to support business succession.
In the track and field pictogram, one leg of a player at the start is a prosthetic leg, and in the swimming pictogram, a player with a disability in one arm is designed to swim.
"Packages such as LED light bulbs show which types of lighting fixtures can be installed," said a representative from the agency. ||"Even if you have already installed it, please check with the dealer if you are worried about the correct combination or not."
With the release of three Big Pad models, Sharp is able to clearly display detailed characters and design drawings, so it expects demand from design firms and other corporations.
The amount of the sentence per plaintiff for the trial decreased from 7,000 yen per month to 4,500 yen per month.
The company also says it will provide an app this summer that will allow the general public to read written works. On the app, users can also read 0000 and other famous artists' works as e-books.
In the supplementary resolution of the Act on Special Measures for the Emperor Akihito's Temporary Abdication, it is stipulated that “After the Act comes into force on April 30 of this year when the Emperor abdicates, the government should promptly consider and promptly report the results to the Diet.”
In December last year, the Ministry of Central Affairs announced that it would not procure equipment with unauthorized functions, and apparently China's Huawei technology is in mind.
“Japan and the United States will strengthen bilateral cooperation, including in new areas, and further strengthen the alliance,” Kono said.
“Demand in the manufacturing and construction industries was strong, but we were unable to respond to such demand,” said Tetsuren.
For many years, Japanese companies have recruited new graduates from universities as future executive candidates, and the Keidanren (Japan Business Federation) has taken the lead in unifying the recruitment schedule.
The network holds an annual international conference to train women and strengthen ties between politicians.
Mr. Suga said, "We are now seeing various obstacles to further expand exports." || " We want to remove obstacles."
According to JAXA, craters are estimated to be 10 meters in diameter, and it is the first time in the world that artificial craters have been successfully produced on asteroids.
The first of the three ceremonies was Emperor Akihito's abdication ceremony 'Taikai Shoden no Gi,' which was the first such ceremony in the history of constitutional government.
The position of the Emperor, defined in the Constitution as "the symbol of Japan and of the unity of the Japanese people," will be succeeded on Wednesday by Crown Prince Naruhito.
“If Nippon Steel’s assets are unfairly sold, it will not be accepted, and the Japanese government is taking this situation even more seriously,” he said.
Companies with many female executives tend to be more profitable than those without them.
The committee has already held briefing sessions in Sapporo City, which is expected to attract many foreigners among the 12 cities.
“It is important to resolve the issue through political dialog, including the U.S.-North Korea dialog,” Wang said.
As for future measures to improve the retention rate of mid-level employees, 62.5% of companies responded that they would “actively work” and 20.4% answered that they would “work with some human resources.”
Moss Food expects net profit to recover to 1 billion yen from this year to the end of March 2020. || The company plans to reduce its domestic stores while accelerating its store expansion in Asia.
The surface of the gold coin was a phoenix and Zuiun, which symbolized Emperor Akihito, and the surface of the bronze coin was decorated with "Takamikura" which was used at the enthronement ceremony of Emperor Tokujin in October.
At the beginning of the meeting, President Vladimir Putin's message was read on behalf of the Russian Federation Council, Senate President Valentina Wimat Bienko, who stressed that "inter-regional relations are also very important in bilateral relations."
Tokyo, May 14. · Current Affairs News Agency ·-- Foreign Minister Taro Kono said Tuesday that he would consider measures to deal with Iran's flickering blockade of the Strait of Hormuz in the Persian Gulf, which confronts the United States. ||"If there is a real blockade, I would like to seriously consider how to deal with it," Kono said at a press conference.
Watami plans to develop human resources who work at its stores, support foreign nationals in acquiring new residence status, and develop human resources who work at other companies.
"Peace and stability in the Middle East is important for the global economy and the global situation, and it is a vital region for our energy-dependent nation," Abe said.
Asahi Breweries launched its Best Kireaji in January this year, raising its sales target from three million cases a year to four million cases in April due to strong sales.
The increase in tax revenues resulting from the economic recovery alone cannot meet the increase in spending, and it is necessary to allocate extra income such as retained earnings of the Fund.
In the job market for new graduates, the number of job offers far exceeded the number of job applicants.
The breakdown of the employment rate for college graduates was 97.3%, down 0.2 percentage points for boys and 97.8%, down 0.8 percentage points for girls.
Business fixed investment was down 0.3% as firms refrained from investing amid the uncertain outlook for external demand.
The 1965 agreement stipulates that if a "dispute" between Japan and the Republic of Korea cannot be resolved through bilateral consultations, the resolution will be entrusted to an arbitration committee consisting of three commissioners appointed by the two countries and a third party.
Exports to China declined 6.3% to 1,232.9 billion yen for the second consecutive month, significantly reducing exports of semiconductor manufacturing equipment.
At least 99 of the serious incidents were caused by misuse of the stove, of which 92 occurred on a stove that did not have a cooking oil heating prevention device or anti-fire safety device attached.
By category, "Transport Post" rose 1.2% and "various services" such as civil engineering and construction rose 1.1%.
The revised law also requires the vehicle to be equipped with a device that records the operation of the vehicle and stores the record in order to detect system problems early and identify the cause of the accident.
If FCA joins the three companies, the integrated company will become the world's largest automobile group with global sales of more than 15 million units.
To date, the company has introduced solar power generation facilities at some of its plants in Gunma Plant and introduced renewable energy power at Utsunomiya Plant, where it manufactures aircraft.
Insurance is applied to the examination using this system for some cancer patients who have completed the "standard of care", which is widely accepted for its effects such as surgery and radiation therapy.
Shiseido will strengthen sales of its mid-price products through its extensive sales network of 15,000 stores mainly in China and other Asian countries.
With child abuse continuing, some point out that the disciplinary authority granted to the extent necessary to educate and supervise children is being used as a justification for parental abuse of children.
Three of the park's five areas will open in the fall of 22, and the remaining two will open in about a year.
The Osaka Prefectural Police Department has reduced the purchase price of police officers and staff by purchasing a large number of models with limited functionality.
The United Nations estimates that the number of people aged 60 and over will reach 2 billion by 2050, or 20% of the total population.
The company runs the entire line between Shin-Sugita and Kanazawa Hakkeima every 10 minutes, and the number of services is about 35% less than normal.
According to the bill, local governments wishing to participate in the initiative will form a forum with the national government and private companies to formulate a plan that will include the deregulation measures necessary to realize the initiative, and apply to the government after obtaining the consent of local residents.
On the other hand, the number of bankruptcies increased by nine to 224 in the service industry, mainly in the food and beverage industry, where labor shortages are serious, and increased by three to 24 in the transportation industry.
Nissin aims to partially replace petrochemical-derived plastics with plant-derived plastics and increase the percentage of renewable resources used in cup noodle containers from 71% to 81%.
Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga said at a press conference on Wednesday, "The Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency (JAXA) is planning to put sensors manufactured by the Ministry of Defense on advanced optical satellites to be launched in fiscal 2020 and conduct empirical research."
Regarding the relationship between Prime Minister Shinzo Abe’s visit to Iran and the attack, Suga said, “The visit was meaningful from the perspective of easing tensions in the region, as the Iranian side highly appreciates it.”
50.1% of respondents answered that five days of paid leave would be enough for them.
61.4% of those who said they were single because they didn't meet a suitable partner said they had done nothing in particular to find a partner.
The plan includes considering preferential treatment for transferring technical intern trainees to the new Specified Skilled Worker No. 1 if they work at the same company.
Exports of semiconductors and other manufacturing equipment declined by 30.4% in response to a decline in demand from China and South Korea.
0000 The suspect's arrest charge is suspected to have provided a total of approximately 69 million yen to the client in January 2016 to cover the losses incurred in the foreign exchange margin trading of eight of the company's clients.
Associate Professor 0000 says, "If we can identify and compare birds offered to God in religious ceremonies and birds drawn on earthenware used daily, we can clarify the purpose of the Nazca ground painting."
Princess Michiko arrived at the hospital at 1:30 a.m. on Sunday at 10:30 a.m. GMT and left the hospital at around 4:30 p.m.
The measures included the active use of online surveys in order to reduce administrative burdens and improve the response rate.
In the early morning of Friday, the Prince and Princess visited the Great of Warsaw, the old city of the country, and the Old Royal Palace.
In a press release issued after the Japan-Russia summit meeting, the Japanese government only stated that “We welcome the two countries to continue negotiations vigorously with the determination to accelerate the peace treaty negotiations based on the Japan-Soviet Joint Declaration in 1956.”
The smartphone was originally scheduled to be released in late May, but the release was suspended due to the potential impact of sanctions on Huawei by the U.S. government.
The user first takes a photo of the skin using a dedicated smartphone app and measures the amount of sebum and water.
As of the end of 2018, 376 of Japan's 728 fire departments had already introduced a special version of VoiceTra that supports 15 languages, including English, Chinese, and Korean.
Meanwhile, the domestic stock market was sluggish, and GPIF posted a deficit of 2.0732 trillion yen in investment in Japanese stocks, the first deficit in three years.
According to the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Japan, people who entered Russia from Vladivostok and tried to leave Moscow for a third country are fined for attempting to leave Russia illegally.
With Self-Service GS, employees can check if the customer is ready in the office and then give them permission to refuel. || If they can get the permission from a tablet, they will be able to leave the office and do other work.
Even after construction, the system can adapt to changes in office layout and sales floor layout.
It asked Internet service providers to voluntarily block connections to pirated sites.
The Tokyo Metropolitan Government will take disciplinary action against the relevant officials, and also consider claiming compensation to them.
Tokyo, July 18 · Japan's Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry (METI) said on Thursday that the ministry plans to sell aircraft parts manufactured by Japanese companies to the U.S. aircraft giant Boeing's electric airplanes.
The statement said, "Our government can discuss with the Japanese side reasonable measures to gain the sympathy of the people of both countries and the victims, including measures to achieve a peaceful resolution of the issues that have already been presented."
Regarding the increase in the average annual salary, the report says that it "appears to reflect the urgency of raising salaries and improving treatment for securing human resources."
In its opinion, South Korea claimed that in addition to weapons of mass destruction in third countries, it is strictly implementing export controls to prevent their conversion to conventional weapons.
Japan's Ministry of Defense announced that no ballistic missiles have been detected in Japan's territory or exclusive economic zone.
The Presiding Judge criticized the court's ruling at a meeting to report after the judgment.
Suga said, "It is important for Japan and South Korea to work closely together on the issues that need to be coordinated."
Through this business alliance, JTEKT will promote R&D with the aim of creating business in new fields by combining manufacturing technology with deep planning related to AI by connecting room design.
Specifically, the proposal stated that it is expected that the Japanese side's assertion will be made to researchers in China and South Korea, and that baseless assertions will no longer be made.
Production in the manufacturing sector is expected to rise 2.7% in July and 0.6% in August, the ministry said.
Kuroda expressed the possibility that the central banks in the U.S. and Europe will take preemptive monetary easing measures as they strengthen their monetary easing stance.
The WCPFC has 26 member states and the Northern Subcommittee comprises 10 of them.
A U.S. State Department official called on both Asian allies to respond calmly, saying, “We need to be thoughtful so that tensions do not damage Japan-South Korea economic and security ties.”
North Korea launched short-range ballistic missiles on July 25 and also flew into the Sea of Japan on Wednesday and Friday.
The Agency for Cultural Affairs adopted a grant of approximately 78 million yen for the International Art Festival, which includes special exhibitions, but the grant has not been granted.
In a month, the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry (MHLW) returned to a full survey of large companies in Tokyo for the first time in about 15 and a half years.
〇000 said, "This cross embodies the cruelty of war and the hardships it brings."
In another episode of his meeting with Abe, Esper criticized China’s growing influence across Asia as “destabilizing the region, with military and predatory economic actions threatening international rules.”
The investigation report on the tampering issue states that the Kinki Local Finance Bureau strongly protested the instruction of the tampering by the Ministry's Finance Bureau.
According to the ministry, at least 20 of the 28 cases investigated were transmitted through wild boars.
Aircraft using Haneda used to fly over Tokyo Bay, but the new route also passes over central Tokyo, including Shibuya, Shinjuku, and Shinagawa.
Insolvencies increased in nine of the 10 industries surveyed.
According to officials, the survey, which is scheduled for fiscal 2020, covers a wide range of topics related to children, including food, learning proficiency, and community engagement, in addition to the child poverty rate.
In response to the country's decline in population, the ministry has been aiming to create attractive spaces in the city, along with compact urban development in which housing and commercial facilities are gathered in the center.
In a letter sent to U.S. President Donald Trump, North Korean leader Kim Jong Un made a “slight apology” for the short-range missile launch and indicated his intention to halt the launch after the U.S.-South Korea military exercise on Tuesday.
“Opposition parties other than the Meiji Restoration should respond to discussions at the Constitutional Review Board, which is set up to discuss amendments,” Baba said.
“It is our mission to live in the present age to revise the constitution according to the times,” he said.
According to industry sources, a popular Tapioca milk tea shop from Taiwan opened in Japan and became popular.
In recent years, with the rise of China and worsening relations with U.S. President Donald Trump, Germany has emphasized its relationship with Japan as a partner sharing values.
Tokyo, Aug. 21 · Japan's Ministry of Land, Infrastructure, Transport and Tourism (MLIT) announced on Wednesday that 24 of the 50 flights a day will be allocated to U.S.-Japan routes in Haneda Airport, which will increase from March 2020.
The Aso area is popular among Koreans who enjoy golf, and the number of golfers usually increases during the winter.
Specifically, through the service, it will be possible to check the behavior of elderly people in the room with the nursing care technician's smartphone, making it more efficient to check the safety of elderly people at night.
According to the center, unofficial sites are sometimes advertised higher in search results on the Internet, and consumers may misinterpret them as official sites and access them.
Tokyo, Aug. 28. · Japan's Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare announced Wednesday that the number of employees with disabilities was below the required level in 17 of 44 institutions. · As of June 1 this year.
Sudan, which has been suspended from the AU, is only allowed to attend relevant meetings, and 53 African countries are participating in this international conference.
As of the end of June, Recruit HD's shares held by individual investors and non-institutional investors account for more than 30% of the total shares.
The President said his government would more than double Japan's current budget for materials, parts and other sectors where Japan has stepped up its export controls to strengthen competitiveness.
However, according to a survey conducted in June last year, only 116 of the 728 fire departments nationwide have introduced drone use, and 72 have actually used drone use.
Sources say users will be asked to upload their data to a dedicated system rather than sending it to the courts by email to avoid missending the data.
The Insurance Business Act prohibits policyholders from transferring contracts without telling them important matters such as insurance premiums or compensation details or without telling them a disadvantageous fact.
In 2018, Toyota produced about 129,000 units at the plant, accounting for 8.5% of all cars produced in the UK this year.
I came to buy a TV set in the living room in advance of the tax hike."
Regarding the impact of the tariffs on the Japanese economy and the global economy, Mr. Suga said, "We would like to refrain from giving a preemptive answer."
MaaS Global currently operates in Finland, Belgium and the UK, and aims to provide services in Japan.
Five of the seven indicators improved on the back of strong automobile-related shipments.
The agency said, “If you have diarrhea or other ill-health conditions after using the health food ketogenne, refrain from using it and consult with your nearest medical institution.”
A plan to increase the out-of-pocket medical expenses of elderly people under the health insurance system from the current 10% to 20% has emerged, and raising the out-of-pocket expenses of nursing care service users is being considered.
The pope is opposed to the death penalty, and his comments on Japan's death penalty are drawing attention.
The average price rose by 19.5% to 64.05 million yen, spurred by the sale of relatively expensive apartments in Tokyo's 23 wards, which are densely populated, including Tokyo's Olympic Village Apartments.
U.S. President Donald Trump decided last year to tighten the examination of foreign investors due to a sense of caution in China, which is rapidly emerging in the IT sector. | | European countries are also tightening regulations on foreign investment.
In August this year, the Japanese government added 20 industries, including integrated circuits, mobile phones, and software, that require foreign investors to make advance notification.
0000 said, "Our stores focus on consultation services," and expressed a negative view on store reductions.
In Chiba Prefecture, a total of six patients were hospitalized for more than three weeks, 201 patients were hospitalized for a short period, and 289 patients were hospitalized for a minor period.
In the logistics industry, Yamato Holdings has already installed more than 4,000 delivery boxes and Japan Post has installed more than 300 delivery boxes.
The family started a petition on the streets and blogs demanding the 000 suspects be prosecuted and severely punished, saying that severe punishment for the perpetrators would lead to preventing a recurrence.
The current initial salary is 133,500 yen per month for SDF candidates with a term of office and 169,900 yen per month for general cadets who are employed for life, both below the 171,200 yen stipulated for police officers employed by the central government.
On the other hand, the number of targeted e-mail attacks that send emails with viruses to steal important information from companies rose 4.2% in the first half of this year to 2,687.
In the middle of each month, the Ministry announces the results of exports and imports for the previous month as a preliminary report, and then announces the detailed results of exports by product name.
“I wonder if many people who shop at major supermarkets will go to small and medium-sized supermarkets every day.”
There were no overcharges for passengers who used commuter passes or paid in cash.
Under this policy, the government will work to strengthen the production base of the target products, support companies promoting overseas development, and strengthen the competitiveness of domestic industries.
Prime Minister Abe instructed relevant government officials to make every effort to gather and analyze information on the missile launch, and to provide information to the public promptly and accurately, and to thoroughly check the safety of aircraft carriers and other vessels.
The September consumer confidence index was its lowest since February 2016, when it lost 1.9 percentage points to a weak stock market.
