At the RCEP meeting, the ministers held a ministerial meeting in Tokyo on July 1 and confirmed plans to focus on the negotiations so that the leaders' meeting can be held in Singapore in late November for a conclusion.
Fukushima, July 29 (Jiji Press)--J-Village, a national soccer center facility that has been used for more than seven years as a base for dealing with the March 2011 nuclear accident, and some facilities in Fukushima Prefecture have resumed normal operations.
Evacuation advisories and evacuation orders were issued to the city of Hiroshima and many residents in areas hit by torrential rains that have occurred since the beginning of this month.
According to the outline, the peace declaration calls for the catastrophe of the atomic bombing and the inhumanity of nuclear weapons, while calling for nuclear powers and others to establish security that does not rely on nuclear weapons.
The percentage of men who smoke was down 0.4 point at 27.8 pct and that of women was down 0.3 point at 8.7 pct, both the lowest ever.
The MSDF plans to have another Aegis ship launch in 2019, while the Haijian Aegis ship will be ready for eight in 2021.
Berlin, July 29 (Jiji Press)--The Barna International Ballet Competition, which is believed to be one of the three major ballet conies in the world, ranked second in the men's junior category with a total of 18 from Japan.
In the Korean Peninsula situation, the ministers expressed "welcome" to the North-South summit in April and the U.S.-North Korea summit in June, calling for continued efforts to realize denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula.
Before seasonal adjustment on the number of new job openings by industry, the month-on-month figure was up 4.0 pct for construction, 3.8 pct for medical and welfare services and 3.5 pct for manufacturing, including automakers.
Meanwhile, information and communications services dropped 11.2 pct and accommodation and restaurant services dropped 3.2 pct.
The shipment index stood at 101.3, down 0.2 pct, due chiefly to a drop in shipments of petroleum and coal products at oil refineries during regular checkups.
The BOJ will keep unchanged its negative interest rate policy, under which minus 0.1 pct is applied to current account deposits with the BOJ by financial institutions, while reducing the target of the negative rate to around 5 trillion yen from around 10 trillion yen at present.
Tokyo, July 31 (Jiji Press)--Prosecutors have questioned around 10 senior ministry officials on a voluntary basis in a corruption case involving a senior Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology official, it was learned in a Jiji Press interview Tuesday.
The sources said that Ginowan is believed to be referring to a number of other education ministry executives, including a former sports agency executive, to Ginowan.
The proposal has emerged that plutonium owned by TEPCO Holdings, which is difficult to restart nuclear reactors due to suspended operations, will be used at nuclear plants of other companies.
Of them, 2,059 companies made domestic investments and 867 companies gave responses.
Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga told a press conference on Wednesday, "The government will accelerate preparations for the ceremony related to the Imperial accession and make sure preparations so that the ceremony is carried out without being there."
The gap between lending and deposit rates in Japan shrank at four of the five companies, excluding Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Holdings Inc.
Tokyo, Aug. 2 (Jiji Press)--Damage from special frauds in Japan in June of the first half of this year, such as "furikome" bank transfer scams, fell 7.1 pct from a year before to 1330 million yen, down for the fourth straight term, according to preliminary data compiled by the National Police Agency Thursday.
The National Police Agency pointed out that although the overall number has been reduced thanks to a sharp decrease in the refund scams, "Hoore" scams are increasing and that the situation continues to be very serious.
Toshiba said there is no change in its previous estimate as the company has already factored in its earnings estimates for the full year to March 2019.
Singapore, Aug. 2 (Jiji Press)--Japanese Foreign Minister Taro Kono and his South Korean counterpart, Kang Kyung-hwa, on Thursday confirmed close cooperation between Japan and South Korea as well as the three countries of Japan, the United States and South Korea for North Korea's denuclearization.
While Kono also expressed concerns about the situation in the South China Sea, where China is making its military base, Wang said he sees the situation as heading toward a stable direction.
Higashimatsushima, Miyagi Pref., Aug. 2 (Jiji Press)--Prime Minister Shinzo Abe said Thursday that the government plans to finish moving to public housing by fiscal 2020 for victims of the March 2011 disaster who live in temporary housing in the Iwate and Miyagi prefectures.
In June alone, the country's trade deficit with Japan shrank 3.4 pct to 5.3 billion dollars, down for the third consecutive month.
Singapore, Aug. 3 (Jiji Press)--Japanese Foreign Minister Taro Kono had a brief conversation with his North Korean counterpart, Lee Yong Ho, in Singapore on Friday night.
The judge dismissed the defense's claim that the third-party DNA type detected in pressure-sensitive diplomatic strips attached to the girl's body was the true culprit, judging that there was a possibility of contamination in the finger print detection work.
Of those who did not evacuate, more than 80 pct said they did not feel the emergency to evacuate or thought their home was all right.
Some members pointed out that side effects on the JGB market's liquidity and functions "have come to the attention in various ways" about large-scale JGB purchases by the BOJ.
Obtaining information about the records, the Health, Labor and Welfare Ministry sent an official to Mongolia in June to confirm that the records exist.
The records of criminal trials are kept by the district public prosecutors office, which was in charge of the first trial, for up to 100 years, but after the storage period, records other than rulings are often scrapped.
Rishiri, Hokkaido, Aug. 4 (Jiji Press)--Japanese Emperor Akihito and Empress Michiko, who are visiting Hokkaido for three days from Friday, made their first visit to the island of Rishiri, an island close to the northernmost Japan prefecture, on Saturday.
On behalf of the organizer, Harumi Takahashi, governor of Hokkaido, said, "We will take pride in the variety of values and attractiveness that our predecessors have honed over many years and pass on the irreparable old village of Hokkaido to the next generation of 50 years or 100 years."
Singapore, Aug. 5 (Jiji Press)--Japanese Foreign Minister Taro Kono and his Singaporean counterpart, Vivian Barakrishnan, agreed Sunday to strengthen ties between Japan and the Association of Southeast Asian Nations.
An 83-year-old vice president of the Hiroshima Prefecture Korean Hibakusha Council pointed to the aging of hibakusha who returned to North Korea after the war.
Of the company's 128 plants across Japan, 123 had been overcharged, according to the ministry.
Some hibakusha said that what they could not tell their children made them speak to their grandchildren.
According to the prefectural disaster response headquarters, evacuation advisories were issued to some 1.52 million people in Hiroshima, but only about 6,000 people were actually evacuated.
The surface of the gold coin features the design of carriages used in the 1959 paramilitary procession between the Imperial couple and Emperor Akihito as well as Emperor Akihito and Empress Michiko, respectively, while the surface of the copper coin features the design of carriages used in the paramilitary procession between the Imperial couple.
With the front line on the north side of the Typhoon 13, the Japan Meteorological Agency called on the Kanto-Koshin eastern Japan region and the Pacific side of the Tohoku northeastern region to keep a close watch on heavy rains, storms and high waves from before the typhoon approach.
The Japan Meteorological Agency's Olympic and Paralympic Therapists said that they want residents in areas that may be affected to be asked to evacuate early in accordance with evacuation advisories issued by relevant local governments.
Of the seven indicators comparable with the previous month, four showed deterioration.
Tokyo, Aug. 7 (Jiji Press)--The Finance Ministry on Tuesday revised up its economic assessment for Hokkaido in its quarterly regional economic report, while the Chugoku region, which was hit by torrential rains in July, forwent its decision.
Talks on issues related to the deployment, such as environmental preservation and compensation in the event of an accident, had been suspended since the February accident of a helicopter crash of itself in Kanzaki, Saga Prefecture, southwestern Japan.
Wind speeds were at least 25 meters within 70 kilometers of the center of the typhoon and at least 15 meters within 560 kilometers east and 280 kilometers west of the center.
The Japanese insurer will also form a sales alliance with the Suncorp group, aiming to expand its Australian operations by using the group's sales network.
This is the second such application for the NRA to examine the NRA's conformance with new regulatory standards for a nuclear plant under construction, after Electric Power Development Co., J-Power, in December 2014 sought the screening of the Oma plant in Aomori Prefecture, northeastern Japan.
"As Lawson operates across the country, we want to contribute to the regional economy together with financial institutions in each region," he said.
The survey questions include the number of applicants by gender and age in the past six years as well as the number of successful applicants.
The fish wholesaler, therefore, cooperates with the shipping company to store frozen tuna in trucks with powerful refrigerators until just before 4:30 a.m., when the sales site opens.
At a summit meeting in 2016, Nichiro designated 18 years as the year of exchange between Japan and Russia.
Revenue from the lottery will be a valuable source of financial resources for local governments, but the amount of money that stood at 439.8 billion yen in fiscal 2005 has fallen to 299.6 billion yen in fiscal 2017 due to a downward trend.
In fiscal 2016, 60.3 pct of the schools handled their own school lunches costs and 39.7 pct of the schools handled by local governments, according to an extraction survey by the education ministry.
The envisaged LDP special council plans to urge the government to secure the budget for the issues outside the scope of the regular science, technology and university budgets.
Two years after JX Holdings and TonenGeneral Sekiyu K.K. created JXG, Idemitsu and Showa Shell also integrated in April 2019, and the industry is heading to a three-strong era.
Sao Paulo, Aug. 14 (Jiji Press)--Japanese Foreign Minister Taro Kono and his Peruvian counterpart, Nestra Popolicio, agreed Tuesday to promote democratization against the dictatorial regime of Mexican President Nicolas Madro.
Abe, in the name of Shinzo Abe, the LDP's president, paid the tamagushi fee as an agent by Masahiko Shibayama, special adviser to the party's president, who visited the shrine on behalf of the party.
On May 29, 2015, an explosive eruption occurred at Mount Shindake, which forced all residents to evacuate outside the island after the agency raised its alert level for an eruption requiring immediate evacuation to 5.
As no eruption last occurred after a very small eruption on June 19, 2015, the agency lowered its alert level for an eruption to Level 2 in April this year from 5 to 3 in June 2016.
Meanwhile, the number of visitors from China was up 12.6 pct at 879,100, followed by Taiwan at 460,500, up 3.1 pct, and the United States at 146,700, up 13.4 pct.
According to the ministry, the prefectural government's Air Defense Force informed the ministry of the helicopter's flight plan at 8:53 a.m., just before Friday's flight.
In addition, the prefecture's Air Disaster Prevention Force was found to have informed the ministry's Tokyo Airport Office of its arrival around 11:19 a.m. on Friday although helicopter had not arrived at the heliport in Maebashi.
One of the experts reported that the Japanese had five DNA types among the 110 remains tested and that the Filipino had 54 types.
Tokyo, Aug. 17 (Jiji Press)--The Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology said Friday that Japanese high school students won three gold medals and one silver medal at the 12th International Geology Olympic Games in Thailand this month.
The ministry will increase the number of immigration officers and immigration officers to make it tighter to understand the work situation of foreigners and deal with illegal stays in Japan.
The meeting will include a G-20 summit of the Group of 20 countries and regions that will be held in Osaka in June.
The face photos are taken by a camera attached to the unmanned gate and are automatically checked against the face photos of a passport passport passport with IC chips to identify the person.
"We must promote cooperation in order to further increase the number of signatory countries," he said, adding that the government will strengthen efforts to increase the number of such countries.
Of the 18 areas in the RCEP negotiations, 16 countries, including China, have already agreed on four areas, including government procurement, customs procedures and trade facilitation.
The use of nursing care robots, which aid evacuation and walking, is expected to substantially reduce the physical burden of nursing care staff and help ease labor shortages in the nursing industry.
Later in the day, Suga cited the promotion of distribution of used handsets and the removal of SIM locks to prevent handsets sold by mobile carriers from being used on lines of other companies.
The total number of foreign guests in the six Tohoku prefectures in 2017 stood at about 950,000, up about 90 pct from 10 years, but the proportion of the total number of guests was only 1.3 pct.
The ministry is considering requesting 5,0935.1 billion yen in its budget estimate for fiscal 2019, up 11.8 pct from the previous year's budget.
Japan and the United States fully agree on the policy of realizing full denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula, Abe said.
Although the South American country eased its regulations substantially in December 2012, it continued to set restrictions on products made in Fukushima Prefecture, northeastern Japan, such as obliging them to submit production place certificates and radioactive material inspection certificates.
The four companies are expected to negotiate the construction of nuclear plants in Japan and the joint work to decommission reactors, as well as the establishment of a new company to undertake the maintenance of nuclear plants, sources familiar with the matter said.
The agency issued high-temperature warning information to Hokuriku and other parts of the Sea of Japan coast, calling for caution against heatstroke.
Of the five companies, Television, which makes auto parts, may have had continued falsification since around 1977 at the latest, when the then president instructed continued shipments of the unauthorized products even after the revelation.
Evacuation orders were issued to part of the city of Katano, Osaka Prefecture, while many other municipalities in western Japan, including the city of Marugame, Kagawa Prefecture, were given evacuation orders.
Fukui, Aug. 25 (Jiji Press)--The government on Saturday conducted a comprehensive disaster drill on the assumption that Kansai Electric's Oi and Takahama nuclear reactors were both in Fukui Prefecture, central Japan, due to severe accidents.
The experimental vehicle is equipped with a ZUMP-developed self-driving system in the minivan, which automatically carries out the steering wheel, the air pressure and brake operations, the sources said.
After the ruling, the victim's daughter, 49, told reporters, "I think the ruling is light compared with the weight of her mother's life, and the law does not suit the times."
In 2017, the newly found number of AIDS virus-infected people fell by 35 to 976, while the number of new patients who had already developed AIDS dropped by 24 to 413.
The falsification was found at 27 out of 33 central government agencies surveyed, up more than 80 pct.
Tokyo, Aug. 28 (Jiji Press)--The Internal Affairs and Communications Ministry's Fire and Disaster Management Agency plans to strengthen safety measures for disaster prevention helicopters held by local governments in the wake of a recent fatal accident involving a disaster-prevention helicopter, it was learned in an interview with Jiji Press on Tuesday.
The documents touch on Chinese President Xi Jinping's remark that his country will accelerate the development of intelligence militarization, deter war and win war.
Tokyo, Aug. 29 (Jiji Press)--The Cabinet Office plans to extend a system to give tax incentives to companies that make donations to local governments working to revitalize their local communities, sources familiar with the Cabinet Office's plan told Jiji Press on Wednesday, adding that the deadline for the corporate version of the "hometown tax payment" program, launched in 2016, will be extended by five years to the current fiscal 2019.
The company also aims to obtain one jet and one surveying machine in order to strengthen its maritime surveillance and marine research systems.
Japan needs to determine the country's truly necessary defense capabilities, instead of considering the issue as an extension of its conventional policy, he stressed.
At the day's parliamentary meeting, some companies and organizations that attended the meeting received orders from the Japanese government to closely cooperate with U.S. aviation authorities in response to the U.S. government's consideration of drawing up air regulations for flying vehicles.
"Japan-U.S. relations have never been stronger," Abe, who has made solid ties with Trump one of the selling points, stressed in his local campaign for the ruling Liberal Democratic Party's leadership election in September.
The sum includes 24.7 billion yen for a Group of 20 summit in Osaka in June and 1.2 billion yen for the seventh Tokyo International Conference on African Development, or TICAD VII, in Kanagawa in August.
Thanks partly to a drop in the supply of private-sector apartments, the number of rented apartments fell 1.4 pct to 35,847 units, down for the 14th consecutive month.
Starting two years ago, the nonprofit organization, which has some 110 free school operating organizations and related groups as its members, has introduced information on its Web site about organizations offering shelters and offering free telephone consultations at this time of the year.
Although the fishermen's side claims dolphin fishing is traditional and cultural in Japan, the current fishing is not traditional because ships and fishing equipment are much more advanced than in the past, the organizer claimed.
Bombers capable of carrying the missile were seen going into the Kii Peninsula or passing through the Tsushima Strait after passing through airspace between the main island of Okinawa and Miyakojima last year.
Spending growth was large at information and communications machinery, chemical products and transportation machinery makers, including semiconductors.
Recurring profits at manufacturers rose 27.5 pct to 10,476.6 billion yen, thanks to growth at information and communications machinery makers and production machinery makers.
Combined sales at all companies surveyed rose 5.1 pct to 344,061 4.9 billion yen, supported by increased sales of electronic parts for use in automobiles and industrial machinery and brisk automobile exports to Asia, the ministry said.
Meanwhile, the end of the rainy season in the Kanto eastern Japan region, including Tokyo, was finalized around June 29, the earliest since that year.
At a press conference on Tuesday, the chief cabinet secretary also said, "It is important for business, university and other officials to discuss while fully considering students," indicating that the government will carefully watch the course of the discussions.
Matsui told a press conference that this is a "contingency," she said, noting that if the functions of the airport decline, it would be necessary to supplement the functions of entrances from abroad.
In order to gather information, the government set up a task force at the crisis management center of the office.
Meanwhile, the total request for the "zaito" fiscal investment and loan program has dropped 12.9 pct to 12,0597.3 billion yen, the lowest level in the past 20 years, as demand for zaito has been on a downward trend thanks to the economic recovery.
Meanwhile, Language One Tokyo Co., which is involved in telephone interpretation business and other products, has started offering free interpretation services via telephone in 12 languages, including English and Korean.
The contagion, known as swine fever, occurs in pork and boars.
Eating the meat of infected pork will not cause infection among people.
Atsushi, only one of the three production lines at the plant that makes canned beer and other products was restarted.
The prime minister also said he plans to carry out a consumption tax hike from 8 pct to 10 pct in October next year as scheduled.
If the price hikes are passed on to retail prices, the price hikes for household-use thin flour will be around 3.8 yen per kilogram, the ministry said.
As earth and sand were covering the house, 46 pct of the Board of Directors, the operator of another rescue dog, recalls that it had been difficult for the rescue dog to snag human snarls.
The Finance Ministry said that the negative side of the July torrential rain in some parts of the Chugoku and Shikoku regions will be limited in the overall Japanese economy although "the latest survey reflects an overall economic trend in which the economy is recovering moderately," a Finance Ministry official said.
Applicants, who are set to be born as early as April 1, 2002, will be able to choose up to three areas of their hope from nine areas--guidance, sports, transportation support, attend, operational support, health care, technology, media and ceremonies.
In the wake of a series of earthquakes in Kumamoto in 2016, the Web site introduced a system that allows municipalities that are not affected to receive donations, issue receipts and take the place of those affected in order to reduce the burden on affected municipalities.
Meanwhile, prices of electric and transportation equipment dropped 0.4 pct each.
Of the 414 cases, about 60 pct had accidents involving violations of the law, such as not going across a cross while being near a walk.
The Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry aims to lower the purchase price from a company with 18 yen per kilowatt-hour in fiscal 2018 to 8.5 yen in fiscal 2224 and that from a home to 11 yen in fiscal 2527 from 26 yen.
Abe rebuts that his policy is not a confrontational structure between the local and Tokyo economies, saying, "If Tokyo's economy improves, the prices of produce produced in the countryside will also rise," Abe said.
Although the award-winning research itself did not bear fruit, Shinpaku Shinjo told Jiji Press before the award ceremony, "This time, the research became the starting point of my own research aimed at reducing the death toll from cancer in the large diameter of the eye."
The U.S. special representative vowed to give all the power for the return home of the Japanese victims, when he met with Shinonaga, director-general of the Abduction Victims' Families Association, and others later in the day.
Tokyo, Sept. 14 (Jiji Press)--The public support rate for the cabinet of Prime Minister Shinzo Abe rose 3.2 percentage points from the previous month to 41.7 pct in a September opinion poll released by Jiji Press on Friday, outpacing disapproval for the first time in seven months.
Mitsubishi Heavy plans to use part of some 120 billion yen to eliminate the debt excess in fiscal 2018, particularly through such measures as debt stock acquisition, sources familiar with the matter said.
The ministry also said that the population of people aged 70 or older stood at 26.18 million, accounting for 20.7 pct of the total population.
The rating increase follows the ministry's decision to acquire 27 billion yen in the U.S. government's Chartered Military Aid FMS for the E2D, an early warning aircraft with increased detection capabilities, in order to strengthen its surveillance capabilities for the Nansei Islands of the Japanese Air Self-Defense Force.
Before the Typhoon 21 disaster, the number of international flights at Kansai International Airport was about 170 a day round trip, down to around 70 at Jiji Airport.
Exports grew 5.3 pct to 1,024.9 billion yen, thanks to growth in products such as medicines, construction and mining machinery, while imports also rose 21.5 pct to 790.1 billion yen, a record high for August, the ministry said.
The Ficco group will also consider acquiring a majority stake in Tech Bureau and sending a majority of board members.
Hayabusa2 dropped the Minerva 2-1 survey robot toward the north side of the asteroid's equator around 4:06 a.m. at 1:06 p.m. when it reached an altitude of about 55 meters above Urugubu Thursday, when the spacecraft began its descent from 20 kilometers above.
Haliwake, Canada, Sept. 20 (Jiji Press)--Environment, Ocean and Energy Ministers of Seven advanced countries G-7 agreed Thursday to promote plastic waste recycling and develop disposal technologies as part of efforts to reduce emissions of marine plastic debris.
Output rose 0.5 pct to 6,813,000 tons of rolling steel, mainly made of iron ore, while that of electric furnace steel, which uses scrap iron, was up 2.2 pct at 1,992,000 tons.
By type, sales of H-shaped steel, which is used in large buildings and other facilities, were up 1.3 pct, and those of small bar steel for home use and other products were up 1.2 pct.
While Trump is scratching the plug on imported vehicles and parts, Abe hopes to avoid additional tariffs being imposed by the U.S. president, stressing the importance of international rule-based free trade, according to the sources.
The DI is calculated by deducting the proportion of companies seeing business conditions as good from that of firms seeing them as bad.
The Defense Ministry made its budget request for research and development on glider projectiles in fiscal 2018, when the ministry requested 13.8 billion yen in related spending for the next fiscal year starting in April.
Newspaper and magazine advertising also grew 9.7 pct and 4.3 pct, respectively.
The average premium rate also rose to a record 9.167 pct as 204 unions raised premium rates.
Demand for transportation, such as auto and electronic parts, between the two regions has increased substantially in recent years, the sources said.
Tokai No. 2 will have a 40-year operating deadline on Nov. 27, when the Eiji operation period is extended, a separate set of approvals by the Nuclear Regulation Authority, including a construction plan that details the design of equipment and facilities.
In the statement, the minister replied that individual management decisions were made at the TEPCO management's responsibility and that supporting TEPCO is not a problem as it was explained by TEPCO that helping TEPCO would not significantly affect compensation and decommissioning work to residents and companies affected by the nuclear crisis.
According to Nissan, its mainstay Oppama plant in Yokosuka, Kanagawa Prefecture, south of Tokyo, and four other plants in Japan had rewritten emissions data or treated invalid data as valid data.
The agency advises people who have never been infected with rubella and those who have not received the vaccine.
While Rouhani asked for cooperation in continuing the nuclear agreement, Abe stressed that it is important to continue implementing the agreement.
The amount of international cargo was down 10 pct at 168,510 tons, while that of jet fuel refueling was down 2 pct at 373,805 kiloliters.
The EU agreed to start talks on tariff cuts for industrial products, excluding automobiles, in exchange for evading automobile tariffs.
Referring to a recent survey by the Japan Health, Labor and Welfare Association, or Kenhoren, showed that some elderly people are also calling for a hike in the out-of-pocket rate for the elderly.
Regarding Japan's relationship with the pro-Pyongyang General Association of Korean Residents in Japan, or Chongryon, the presiding judge pointed out that there are reasonable suspicions that Korean schools have been intervened beyond limits by Chongryon and under such control as distorting the independence of education.
"It is important for the country to continue to introduce high-performance equipment, including U.S. equipment, in order to cope with the tough security environment," Abe told Trump at the meeting, Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga told a press conference.
The increase apparently reflected an increase in the number of foreign residents in Japan, including those who study or work in the country.
Before 1 p.m. in Nanjo, Okinawa Prefecture, northeastern Japan, at 10 a.m. and Greenwich Standard Time, the center observed a maximum instantaneous wind speed of 56.2 meters, the strongest ever at the center.
The company, now in business reconstruction, plans to hire in April 2019 a little more than 1.7 times as many as 1,500 people in spring 2018, the same level as the company's recruitment in April 2015 before its accounting fraud came to light.
The government is arranging a supplementary budget in two stages: Jiji Press said that the first supplementary measure will focus mainly on restoration from recent natural disasters such as a massive earthquake in Hokkaido, northernmost Japan, last month, while the second one will focus on disaster-related projects.
The Japanese automaker was seeking a new partner in August by scrapping its capital alliance with Toyota.
The proposed lump-sum payments will also be paid to those who have agreed to infertility surgeries or have underwent other types of surgeries, such as hysteretion.
Nemuro, Hokkaido, Oct. 5 (Jiji Press)--A public-private research team on Japan-Russia joint economic activities on the disputed four Northern Islands returned to Nemuro port in Hokkaido, northernmost Japan, on Friday after finishing their activities there.
Toshiyuki Matsumori, director of the Japan Meteorological Agency's Earthquake and Tsunami Surveillance Division, said that quake activity in the area will continue for the time being.
A total of 50 pct of Shinshinbito, who runs agriculture in the Tomizato district of the town of Atsuma, where four people died in the landslide, put their hands together to 39 pct of Shinbito, or 39 pct, of the friends who died in the disaster at the time.
The IOC last month asked the Tokyo Organizing Committee to move up the starting time for the event, the officials said, adding that the boat federation intends to end the event in the morning to protect players from the heat of midsummer.
"The world is trying to reduce the slaughter punishment," he said, suggesting that the municipal government's plan is to force the slaughter punishment to be inevitable.
The company saw its operating revenue grow only narrowly thanks to the closure of unprofitable outlets, while net profit rose 35.8 pct to 30.3 billion yen, thanks to a profit from the sale of a supermarket subsidiary in Hong Kong.
Although Japan was the top Thai in the February survey, along with Singapore, Japan came to the top single spot in the latest rankings after Myanmar's exemption of visas for Japanese tourists earlier this month.
Uny Famima aims to concentrate its management resources on its core convenience store operations by separating its slumping supermarket operations.
Tokyo, Oct. 11 (Jiji Press)--Some 90 pct of 380 municipalities that have been asked by the Ministry of Internal Affairs and Communications to review "hometown tax" refunds, a system for donating money to local governments, as requested, a Jiji Press survey found Thursday.
According to a business plan the metropolitan government submitted to the Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries Ministry in August, fishery product handling at the Toyosu market in fiscal 2023 is estimated at 616,400 tons, up 60 pct from that at the Tsukiji market in 2017.
The survey also showed that 56.8 pct of pet owners said they must go to evacuation centers together, while 10 pct said they do not go to evacuation centers because they are with their pet.
The G-20 faces trade friction between its members, but the disagreement should be resolved directly by members involved in the friction, he said.
In order to prevent excessive rebels, the Internal Affairs and Communications Ministry has issued notices to local governments calling for limiting the procurement price of rebels to 30 pct or less of the amount of donations.
Aeon and Fuji will work to jointly procure products, as well as private brand products for sale in the Shikoku and Chugoku regions, where Fuji is based, the sources said.
Besides Ehime, Fuji operates a total of more than 90 general and food supermarkets in the three Shikoku prefectures of Kagawa, Kochi and Tokushima as well as Hiroshima and the two Chugoku prefectures of Yamaguchi.
The final ruling was apparently found guilty only on the basis of confession in the investigation stage of Gibby's confession, but both Kumamoto District Court and Fukuoka High Court denied the credibility of the confession in their retrial claims.
At Taki Chemical, researchers who had been studying mushrooms at the university had started research on fully artificial cultivation of magnolia sprouts about six years ago.
Regarding the reason for the deployment decision, the ministry explained that it is necessary to introduce a missile that allows SDF personnel to cope with the situation safely from outside the threat zone of the other side.
The crested ibis project began in 2008, with a total of 308 birds released so far in Japan.
As for the trading method, the three types, including the auction method, which is established when the prices of a buy order match those of a sell order, will be studied for demonstration.
A total of 110 tunnels that the three companies are checking in fiscal 2016 and 2017 were not checked by fiberscope at all of them, according to the Board of Inspection.
Of the costs, 727.5 billion yen will include the disposal of disaster debris, financial assistance for affected small and midsize companies, and support for the restoration of the Kansai International Airport Liaison Bridge damaged by tankers swept away while passing a large typhoon.
Of them, damage has been confirmed at 21 groups, 11 have been found difficult to investigate and 14 are under investigation.
He is expected to present a specific negotiation purpose with Japan 30 days before the start of the negotiations.
The system glitch occurred on Oct. 9 at one of the four lines linking the TSE's trading system with the brokerage firm.
The government will thus ask cardholders and payment service firms to cut fees during the period.
He played for the Olympics for the fourth consecutive year since the 2004 Men's Olympic Games.
The government hopes to finish the screenings of the subcommittee by the end of the week on a draft of the amendment, which is expected to be submitted to the Diet by the end of next week by completing the legal establishment procedures within the LDP and its coalition partner, New Komeito.
The total number of store visitors fell 2.6 pct to 1,343.28 million, down for the first time in two months, but purchases per customer rose 6.3 pct to 623 yen, reflecting the demand, the ministry said.
The report said that large-scale monetary easing has eased lending attitudes at financial institutions, leading to an increase in lending, mainly at companies with relatively low creditworthiness.
Legislation to realize the initiative was enacted in September 2012, apparently, but the plan has not been realized because TEPCO and the ministries of the ministry's economic industry, Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries, are reluctant.
The blackouts in Hokkaido, northernmost Japan, were caused mainly by the suspension of all three of Hokkaido Electric Power Co.'s Tomato-Atoma thermal power plant, which had covered about half of the city's power consumption in Hokkaido until the Sept. 6 earthquake, in addition to the suspension of hydropower plants due to power transmission line damage.
Meanwhile, price hikes continued for civil engineering, architectural services and job placement services on the back of staff shortages.
Of the country's 538 plants that conducted the survey, six of the manufacturing firms were found to have had a total of eight people with cancer.
The test delivery was conducted at about 9 kilometers between the post office in the city of Minamisoma and the post office in the town of Namie.
Ayako made the same offering at the Imperial Cemetery, which houses the spirits of the Emperor and the Imperial family members, and the shrine, which houses the Gospel of the nation.
The Japanese side will continue to urge China to ease its import ban, aiming to realize the easing until Chinese President Xi Jinping's visit to Japan, which is expected to take place as early as next year.
Since the first Games in Oita Prefecture, southwestern Japan, in 1981, the Imperial couple has attended almost every such event.
The Trump administration has complained that Japan has tariff and nontariff barriers in the areas of automobiles, agriculture and services, and fierce debate is expected on both sides over these areas, observers said.
Hitachi and SBI plan to utilize the huge amount of settlement data to offer management advice to customers and various new services such as preventing unauthorized settlements, the sources said.
Some 47,000 SDF troops and 9,500 U.S. troops will take part in such drills as ballistic missile defense and remote island defense.
Under the current international taxation rules, the government cannot in principle tax foreign companies that do not have a main base within their jurisdiction, such as factories and branches.
The interim report on digital taxation, compiled in March by the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development, or OECD, calls for reviewing the taxation principles.
After Abe congratulated, the Crown Prince stood at a cheers-up and said, "Help each other to build a bright family with no ceasing of anger."
Of the four components of the index, those for living conditions deteriorated for the second straight month, while those for income growth and the employment environment worsened, respectively.
Meanwhile, KDDI, which is strengthening its non-core areas such as settlement services and Internet mail-order sales, will use Rakuten's logistics foundation to improve the efficiency of its distribution and delivery operations.
In a similar contact accident with an aircraft, two F-15 fighter jets from the Chitose base in Hokkaido, northernmost Japan, came into contact during combat training in 2005.
Aiming to strengthen cooperation with related organizations, a total of 142 municipalities took part, up from the previous 59.
This is the first time for Japan to recall supplies from the ISS, where the collection of supplies had so far been limited to the United States and Russia.
The government plans to take steps to ensure that the three major mobile phone carriers and mobile distributors properly display their ads.
In a joint press statement after the meeting, Abe explained that the two sides agreed that full implementation of U.N. Security Council resolutions against North Korea is necessary for the full denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula.
The large-scale holiday program is aimed at increasing the public's mood of congratulatory events for the Crown Prince's accession to the throne and reducing the impact on people's lives due to the reversion from the current Heisei era, which will take place on May 1, government officials said.
At the meeting, Abe and Pence agreed that full implementation of U.N. Security Council resolutions against North Korea is necessary for the full denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula.
The RCEP would create an economic zone that would account for half of the world's population and 30 pct of the world's total trade value and gross domestic product if a conclusion is realized.
He urged countries that maintain import restrictions on Japanese food to remove or ease the restrictions as soon as possible.
There are eight livestock-rearing facilities in the area, where a total of some 8,500 pork and boars are kept, the sources said.
Among other things, the figures for Chugoku and Shikoku rose 5.9 pct to 64.7 pct and those for Chubu rose 4.0 pct to 76.0 pct.
The company's President and Chief Officer Shinji Shinji are suspected of having flown the aircraft while exceeding the weight by negligent in their operations to check the total weight of the aircraft before takeoff, in violation of rules set by the Civil Aviation Act and other laws, according to the sources.
Regarding the law to promote women's participation in society, the ministry aims to expand the scope of the envisaged action plan, which currently requires companies with at least 301 employees, to 101 or more.
In October, Japan's trade balance with China was in the red for 406.2 billion yen, up 52.1 pct, the seventh straight month, reflecting growth in clothing and mobile phone imports.
In its proposal in May, the LDP had called on the government to consider including in the guidelines the acquisition of the ability to attack enemy bases, which is necessary for attacking ballistic missiles and other weapons launch bases targeting Japan.
At a board meeting on Thursday, Nissan will submit a proposal for the removal of the post of chairman and representative director of the suspect for some 200 years.
Noting that digitalization of the Russian economy and industry is a new priority for the future, he expressed hopes for expanding investment by the Japanese high-tech industry and promoting technological cooperation with Russia.
The recommendations also called on the government to target the planned premium gift coupons at low-income households, child-rearing households and others.
The Japanese side proposed leaving everything related to the future of the Japanese Trade Union Confederation, or Rengo, to private companies because it is a talk between private-sector companies, and the French side made no objection, according to the sources.
The team, led by Prof. Shinji University and Prof. Shinji Shinji University, will inject some 2 million nerve progenitor cells modified from iPS cells into the damaged sites of four patients, two to four weeks after injury to the cord.
Abe welcomed the Chinese government's recent lifting of import suspension measures for rice produced in Niigata Prefecture, northeastern Japan, soon after the severe accident at TEPCO's Fukushima No. 1 plant in northeastern Japan in the wake of the March 2011 tsunami.
Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga said at a press conference, "We want the construction to proceed after fully ensuring safety and giving maximum consideration to the natural environment and the living environment."
The selection was made in 2016 for dishes using puffy meat and in 2017 for dishes using minced chicken meat.
In goods trade, Japan ran a trade deficit of 321.7 billion yen, the first deficit in two months, with growth in import amounts exceeding growth in export amounts.
In July-December, the Chinese court sentenced a man in Aichi Prefecture to 12 years in prison, a man in Kanagawa Prefecture, west of Tokyo, to five years in prison and a woman in Tokyo to six years in prison.
In October, orders from manufacturers grew 12.3 pct, with strong demand from oil and coal product makers and automakers prominent.
According to the elementary school, a total of 693 times in the past year had to evacuate from school grounds during physical education classes, where the school is located, five times.
He also said the company's president hopes to integrate the division to make the Mitsubishi Regional Jet, the first domestically produced small passenger jet, and the division to make the main wings for Boeing aircraft.
Of the total, 60 are the F-35A aircraft in the air force's design, while the rest will be the Marines' design for the F-35B.
The number will rise by 4,500 to 9,000, while support staff will increase by 600 to 3,600.
Asked about support details in multiple answers, a majority cited "welfare and nursing care," followed by "cultural, art and sports promotion," "child and youth development, and child care support."
He announced the start of clinical research for PGS in February 2017 and plans to continue clinical research.
Meanwhile, Finance Minister Taro Aso and Health, Labor and Welfare Minister Takumi Nemoto agreed that the central government will pay the full amount for the first half of the year and the state and local governments, in principle, for the first half of the financial resources for the planned free early childhood education and childcare program, which will start in October 2019.
For Shinkansen construction costs, loan fees paid by JR companies for the use of the facilities will be appropriated first, with the remaining two-thirds to be paid by the state and the rest by local governments.
Tamaki told reporters, "Municipalities have the responsibility to implement prefectural people's voting." He said at home, "Opportunities for voting should not be lost."
At the Japan-U.S. summit, Reagan indicated his intention to partially lift trade sanctions against Japan, which were implemented about eight days later.
There are concerns about the impact of the Japanese government's decision to effectively remove the Chinese communications equipment product from the contract, market sources said.
The Japanese economy was buoyed by growth in overseas economies and brisk exports reflecting the yen's weakening, which helped realize a prolonged economic expansion, resulting in higher stock prices and higher employment.
The ministry will develop online Japanese-language materials for foreigners living on remote islands and other places where face-to-face Japanese classes are difficult to use.
In the lawsuit, Bombardier claims that a subsidiary of Mitsubishi Heavy adopted a former employee of the company and misused confidential information related to passenger aircraft certification for the development of the small jet, the Mitsubishi Regional Jet.
Following the Oct. 30 ruling, a spate of rulings have been issued by South Korea's Supreme Court to order Japanese companies to pay compensation for their wartime labor.
Under the countermeasures, the government urged medical institutions to use telephone interpreters and requested core facilities to have dedicated medical interpreters.
In the battery business for electric vehicles and other products, Japanese makers have maintained technological superiority, although competition with South Korean and Chinese makers has intensified in recent years.
Human Holdings operates more than 1,300 classrooms in Japan, making them one of the largest robot classes in Japan that will be taught to more than 22,000 children.
Supervising organizations are required to have intern students take lessons in Japanese and daily life for two months in principle, but the cooperative had them work at companies despite the training period.
Following the acquisition, NEC intends to combine its bioidentification technology and artificial intelligence and AI technology with KMC's administrative OK services.
Meanwhile, a total of 90 pct said the Japan-U.S. security treaty is "extremely important" or "important to some extent" for U.S. security, up 3 percentage points.
The survey was conducted by telephone in March this year by a U.S. research firm.
According to the defense, "I would like to speak in court if there is such a place."
Meanwhile, major tobacco companies have focused on sales of heated tobacco products in recent years.
The prefectural government set up a statue of Ruffi within the prefectural capital's premises, which was visited by some 1,500 fans at the unveiling ceremony in November 2018.
Kazuo Shii, chairman of the Japanese Communist Party, expressed his resolve to end the party's move to amend the constitution, saying, "Abe, who has been scrapping the constitution, does not have the right to change the constitution."
"In order to firmly deepen talks with South Korea, it is possible to exchange confidential records with each other depending on the course of the talks," Iwaya said at a press conference.
Abe's visit to the Netherlands has been since March 2014 and to Britain since April 2017.
The U.S. Coast Guard and the U.S. Navy are also investigating the accident.
The Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry plans to lower the purchase price to around 8.50 yen in fiscal 2022 in order to curb an increase in costs for purchases due to the increased use of renewable energy sources.
Noting that six Japanese start-ups supported by the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry are participating in CES, Seko said, "We want to increase the number of such Japanese companies by continuing support."
Even in industrial activities, which appear to be less affected by the disaster, shipments of lithium-ion batteries to the United States and production and shipments of production machinery also fell.
The number of bankruptcies decreased in seven out of 10 industries.
The Infinity Q50 2.2 d was sold in South Korea in 2014, followed by the Qashqai in 1516.
In the middle of the Meiji era, however, medical schools were scrapped one after another due to financial difficulties, according to As of Co., the samples may have been donated to local schools.
In December, prices of petroleum and coal products rose 4.7 pct, a smaller increase than the previous month's 14.2 pct increase.
The current law stipulates the no-fly airspace for drones and flight regulations, but there is no provision that calls for a report from the operator in the event of an accident, separately from police investigation.
Over the drone, a government panel of experts is discussing new rules to strengthen safety measures, such as making it mandatory to conduct checks before flights and prohibiting flights during drinking.
Meanwhile, 28.9 pct of respondents said they want to work beyond 66 years old, while 24.9 pct said they want to live a more economic life and 24.9 pct said they think their living expenses are not enough unless they continue working.
By gender, the job offer rate stood at 87.5 pct for male students, up 2.3 points, and 88.5 pct for female students, up 1.5 points.
The job offer rate was up 2.0 pct at 87.7 pct for students majoring in liberal arts and 1.8 pct at 89.0 pct for students in science.
At their meeting in Argentina in December, the two leaders agreed to start the negotiations under a new framework headed by Prime Minister Taro Kono and Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov.
At their previous meeting, Abe and Putin instructed officials to make full-fledged progress in the collaboration toward the start of their joint economic activities on the four Northern Territories islands.
A meeting of the two leaders, with only interpreters, was also held between the small-group meeting and the working dinner.
If Japan makes repeated flights, "we will respond strongly in line with our response action rules," the operation chief said.
Of them, 368 cases were caused by product glitches, and 209 of them were products subject to the recall.
Regarding his responsibility, the company's president said, "It is the biggest responsibility to strengthen legal compliance."
Meanwhile, he did not say how much he will abide by the 2.5 pct cap although he "set the cap" in fiscal 2020 or later.
Data distribution is allowed freely in principle in the United States, where personal information transfer requires the consent of the person in principle.
Those eligible for the relocation support will be those living in the city, including the three prefectures of Saitama, Chiba and Kanagawa, which adjoin the Tokyo metropolitan area, for more than five years and commuting within the densely populated Tokyo 23 wards, who will move to areas other than the Tokyo metropolitan area.
Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga told a press conference the same day that Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Sadatsuka was present at the hearing in question and that the government plans not to allow ministry officials to be present at the upcoming new hearing.
White goods purchased using the country's consumer electronics eco-point program, implemented in 20911, will soon have a replacement period, the sources said.
The catch cap for each of the 47 prefectures has been set based on the country's past catch performance and other data.
South Korea's action is "extremely problematic," Japanese Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga said at a press conference, noting that Japan has "implemented all the measures promised" in the Japan-South Korea agreement, adding, "We will continue to strongly urge the South Korean side to implement the measures steadily."
In the revised measures, the ministry focused on providing information and strengthening measures to guide foreign visitors to Japan to evacuate smoothly in the event of an earthquake during the 2020 Tokyo Olympics and Paralympics.
The ministry estimates that strong earthquakes measuring lower 6 to the maximum intensity of 7 on the Japanese seismic intensity scale will occur in wide areas from the Kanto eastern region to the Kyushu southwestern region.
Garazu, Saga Pref., Feb. 2 (Jiji Press)--Saturday, nuclear disaster prevention drills were held near the Genkai nuclear plant in Saga Prefecture, southwestern Japan, this is the first time that such drills have been conducted since the restart of the No. 3 and No. 4 reactors last year.
The Emperor and the New Emperor are not involved in the selection process for the new era name.
In a bid to attract families, the museum will put emphasis on display and events for children.
Nighty Two were held captive by militants in Afghanistan for about five months in 2010 before being held captive by Kurdish local government authorities in Iraq as early as 16 years.
"If the system leads to a reduction in work and an improvement in labor shortages," said Nearly Fifty Years at the Aquaculture and Seedling Center, adding that the university will aim to automate the selection work itself in the future.
Under the revised local tax law, local governments will have to limit the returned items to "local products whose procurement amount is 30 pct or less of the amount of donations."
Prices rose for 409 of the 744 items surveyed and fell for 266.
In clinical research and clinical trial clinical trials using iPS cells, a team led by a government-affiliated organization, Riken, in 2014 carried out the world's first transplant for intractable disease patients.
The global auto industry is accelerating production of electric vehicles thanks to tighter environmental regulations.
The next-generation model of the vehicle model, currently produced in Britain, will be produced mainly in North America.
In Iwate, support staff for civil engineering and other professional posts will continue to be needed, but it is becoming difficult to secure such staff from other local governments amid large-scale disasters across the country, he said.
Tokyo, Feb. 21 (Jiji Press)--The National Police Agency compiled a report Thursday that the total amount of damage from special scams, such as furikome scams, in Japan fell 9.6 pct from a year before to 35.68 billion yen in 2018, down for the fourth consecutive year.
The sample partial replacement method tends to produce higher wages than the full replacement.
Those who pass the test will be able to visit government agencies except July 17 to Aug. 2, when the final interview test will be conducted.
Ministries and agencies will examine applicants who have visited the country before the announcement of their final successful applicants and issue job offers from Aug. 21, the day after the announcement of their final successful applicants.
Still, Tamaki will inform the prime minister and the U.S. president of the result of the vote, based on the prefectural people's election ordinance.
The increase reflects a 3.1 pct rise in road freight transportation fees and a 2.9 pct rise in worker dispatch service fees.
As an exception, there is already a system in which banks can conditionally own a 5 pct stake in financially troubled companies for corporate business reconstruction.
But as the sanitary environment is not secured, there are concerns that the environment may deteriorate due to waste liquid from the cleaning process.
As of the end of March last year, there were 723 three kinds of overpasses across the country and 2,726 four kinds of one.
The index for industrial machinery shipments was down 4.0 pct at 99.2, due chiefly to a drop in shipments of transportation and production machinery, the ministry said.
According to the data, the charges stand out, including violations of the antiprostitution law and the law against child prostitution and pornography.
"For peace on the Korean Peninsula, we will also strengthen cooperation with Japan," Wen said in an English-language speech at Jiji Press, which said, "The past cannot be changed, but the future can be changed."
The donation course will be involving University of Tokyo Prof. Susumu Shindo and his colleagues, including University of Tokyo Prof. Takumi Shindo, who is studying extremely accurate "optical grid watches," as well as the university's optical fiber network communications capacity limits.
The defendant is accused of violating the financial instruments and exchange law for allegedly underreporting his remuneration as well as special breach of trust for allegedly causing damage to Nissan.
At the plant, Nissan is considering cutting production lines for the Qashqai sport-utility vehicle and the Leaf electric vehicle to two shifts from a three-shift system, Sky News said.
Last month, the company withdrew part of production plans at the plant in order to move production to Japan.
In its structural reforms announced in November 2017, Mizuho FG had indicated its intention to cut the number of its employees by 19,000 by fiscal 2026 and reduce the number of its group's some 500 business bases to some 400 by fiscal 2024.
The company is also considering a suspension of about several weeks for three other domestic plants and overseas plants.
Suntory may change the advisability of or the size of the rate increase depending on the region, the company's president said.
The number of bankruptcies dropped at six of the 10 industries surveyed, including retailers and manufacturers.
Following a whistle on the defendant's alleged misconduct, Nissan launched a full-fledged internal investigation in June and provided information to the prosecutors, according to the sources.
A total of over 25 pct said they "know well" and "know to some extent" about the recognition of cyberinsurance programs.
In a survey conducted last year by the Internal Affairs and Communications Ministry's Fire and Disaster Management Agency, about 30 pct of the 332 fire headquarters in Japan, which stipulate their response policies when they were asked to abandon their resuscitations, said they will stop their resuscitations under certain conditions.
At a meeting of the House of Representatives Financial and Financial Committee on Tuesday, Finance Minister Taro Aso cited retaliatory measures such as adding tariffs, suspending remittance and suspending visa visas.
Orders from manufacturers fell 1.9 pct to the third straight month of negative growth, reflecting sluggish demand at electric machinery makers and information and communications machine makers.
Noting that the company's corporate culture, including a lack of quality compliance awareness among its top management, was a "habitual crime," the judge concluded that "the criminal responsibility of Kobe Steel is heavy."
Subaru Kogyo will withdraw from the movie business and concentrate on road repair and cleaning operations.
At a press conference, Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga said the government will make efforts to promote the use of the My Number card, saying, "If the card is not used by the public, it would improve convenience and hamper opportunities to improve economic productivity."
The Egyptian military is continuing its minesweeping operations while cooperating with the Israeli military.
As the ministry plans to launch the first nationwide survey on foreign children's school preschool starting around April, it also asked local governments to cooperate in the survey.
Emperor Akihito will be given his last word after Abe gives his "People's Representative Resignation."
Chief Cabinet Secretary Takeshi Onaga said, "We are determined to firmly condemn the despicable terrorist attacks and to work closely with New Zealand and Australia as well as the international community to fight terrorism."
The firm decided to shift to Pepper lunch restaurants at two of the four remaining outlets.
The contributors are believed to be scholars of Japanese literature, Chinese literature, Japanese history and history of the East.
The government is considering a proposal to drill some 77,000 snakes into the soft ground, but the government estimates that it will take three years and eight months for ground improvement work.
The survey was conducted by the Health, Labor and Welfare Ministry for all 8,417 hospitals across the country, with 47.3 pct of them giving responses.
The proposal calls for reflecting the proposal in an integrated innovation strategy to be compiled by June and an AI strategy to be worked out by summer.
The proceeds will mainly be used to procure materials for the production of the latest model of U.S. Apple Inc.'s iPhone iPhone iPhone, a major customer of Japan Display, and to repay funds, the sources said.
The DI represents the percentage of companies that answered that business conditions are "good" minus that it is "bad."
On March 14 this year, the government asked scholars specializing in Japanese literature, Chinese literature, Japanese history studies and Asian history to devise a new era name.
The Yodobashi Camera store operator plans to buy all outstanding shares in the target company, including those held by Advanced Tech Partners, an investment fund that currently has ICI Ishii Sports under its wing.
Of the seven indicators that can be used for the month's ratio at present, three, including "durable consumer goods shipments," improved.
"We will confirm close cooperation for the success of the G-20 Osaka summit and further strengthen our cooperative relationship with other countries," Abe said.
According to the team, the analysis work for about two years on data obtained with enough technology to identify golf balls placed on the moon's surface from Earth produced an image of a black hole inside a ring of bright glows at the center of the M87.
The company bought a youngster used by the suspect's family, Jiji Press, according to informed sources Jiji Press, who was also asked to explain the course of the money and how the youngster was bought.
The leasing company, Orix, announced last week that it has started a new business to support business succession.
The onshore pictogram was designed to have one leg of the player at the time of the start, while the one-arm disabled player was also designed to have a swing on the pictogram.
"The package, such as LED bulbs, shows which types of lighting equipment can be attached," said an official of the agency, adding, "We want our dealers and others to check whether they are the right combination or are uneasy if they are already attached."
Sharp expects demand from corporate clients, including design offices, as it can clearly display even detailed letters and drawing when it launches the three big-pad models, the sources said.
The amount was cut to 4,500 yen to 9,000 yen per month from 7,000 yen to 13,000 yen in the trial ruling per plaintiff.
Also in summer this year, the company will offer an app to make posted works available to general users, which will allow them to read as e-books works of well-known authors, including about half a million people, according to the company.
A supplementary resolution to the special law for Emperor Akihito's one-time abandonment stipulates that "the government should promptly examine the matter after the effectuation of this law on April 30, when Emperor Akihito abdicates, and promptly report the outcome to the Diet, Japan's parliament."
In December last year, the central government agency offered not to procure equipment with unauthorized functions, apparently keeping in mind China's Huawei Technological Fawei and Zhong Tong ZTE's equipment.
"Japan and the United States will strengthen their bilateral cooperation, including in new areas, and further strengthen their alliance," Kono said.
"Demand was strong in the manufacturing and construction sectors, but we were unable to meet such demand," Tetsuren said.
The Japanese company has long adopted a candidate for a new university graduate as a future executive candidate and unified the recruitment schedule under the initiative of Keidanren.
The network holds international meetings once a year to nurture female politicians and strengthen ties between politicians.
Suga said, "We've come to see various faults to expand exports further."
The crater, which is estimated to be about 10 meters in diameter, is the first in the world to have successfully created an artificial crater on an asteroid, according to JAXA.
The first of the three ceremonies was the Emperor Akihito's "Unveiling Shoden no Gi" ceremony, which is the first such ceremony ever in constitutional politics.
Crown Prince Naruhito, 59, will succeed Wednesday the status of the Emperor, which is set to be "a symbol of Japan and a symbol of the unity of Japanese people" under the constitution.
"If a situation results in an unfair sale of Nippon Steel's assets, it would be totally unacceptable and the Japanese government is taking this situation even more seriously," he said.
Companies with many female executives tend to be more profitable than those that do not.
Among the 12 host cities, the organizing committee already held briefing sessions in the cities of Sapporo and Hokkaido and Oita, both of which are expected to be visited by many foreigners.
"It is important to resolve problems through U.S.-North Korea dialogue and other political dialogue," Wang said, not referring to the intended launch.
As for future responses to improve the proportion of midsize employees, 62.5 pct of the responding companies said they will "actively work" and 20.4 pct said they will "work with some human resources."
For the year to March 2020 from this year, Mos Food expects its net profit to recover to one billion yen, planning to reduce the number of its outlets in Japan at the moment while accelerating store operations in Asia, the sources said.
The surface of the gold coin was Hoo and Zuigun, which symbolize Emperor Akihito, and the surface of the copper coin was draped in October with "Takagoza," which will be used for Emperor Naruhito's accession to the throne.
At the beginning of the meeting, Vladimir Putin's message was read on behalf of Russian Federation Council President Vladimir Matowenko, who stressed, "Relations between regions are also very important in relations between the two countries."
Tokyo, May 14 (Jiji Press)--Foreign Minister Taro Kono said Tuesday that he will consider countermeasures over Iran, which is at odds with the United States, over its hostile Strait of Hormuz in the Persian Gulf. "We would like to seriously consider how to respond if a situation happens to be in real terms," Kono said at a press conference.
Watami plans to first develop human resources at its own stores to help foreigners acquire new resident status and to develop human resources at other companies, the sources said.
"Peace and stability in the Middle East is important for the global economy and the global situation, and is a vitally important region for our country that depends on energy," Abe said.
Asahi Breweries Ltd. raised its sales target to four million cases in April from three million cases a year, thanks to brisk sales following the launch of its "Best-Selling Sake" brand in January this year.
Tax revenue increases due to the economic recovery cannot be enough to increase spending, the sources said, adding that the JAEA needs to use nontax revenue, such as retained earnings.
In the job market for new graduates, the number of job openings far exceeded that of job-seeking people.
The proportion of major graduates' job-finding rate was down 0.2 point at 97.3 pct for male graduates and 0.8 point at 97.8 pct for female graduates.
Capital spending was also down 0.3 pct as companies increasingly refrained from making investment amid difficulties in outlooks.
The 1965 agreement stipulates that if "disputes" between Japan and South Korea cannot be resolved in the bilateral talks, it leaves the solution to the arbitration committee, which is made up of three commissioners appointed by the two countries plus third-party commissioners.
For exports to China, exports dropped 6.3 pct to 1,023.9 billion yen, down for the second consecutive month, while exports of semiconductor production equipment dropped sharply.
In the severe accident, at least 99 cases were caused by the misuse of the stoves, including 92 cases in the stoves, which are not equipped with cooking oil heating prevention devices or anti-cover safety devices.
By category, sales of "transportation and mail" services rose 1.2 pct and those of "services," such as civil engineering, grew 1.1 pct.
The revised law will also oblige vehicles to be equipped with devices to record operational conditions of their vehicles and store the records, in order to find system glitches early and determine the cause of the accidents.
If the FCA merges with the three companies' unions, the integrated entity will become the world's largest auto group with global sales of over 15 million units.
To date, the company has been working to introduce solar power generation equipment at some plants of its Gunma plant and electricity from renewable energy sources at Utsunomiya plant, which makes the aircraft.
Insurance is applied to inspections using the system for some cancer patients, including those who finish "standard treatment," which is widely recognized as effective, such as surgery and radiation treatment.
Shiseido will strengthen sales of its own middle-price range products through a broad sales network with 15,000 outlets mainly in China and other parts of Asia, the sources said.
In the face of a spate of child abuse cases, the panel has pointed out that disciplined rights allowed to the extent necessary for children's education and supervision are being misused to justify parental abuse of their children.
Three of the five areas at the park will open in autumn 2022 and the remaining two in about a year.
The Osaka prefectural police department kept the purchase prices of police officers and staff at a discount by buying a large number of models with reduced functions.
The United Nations estimates that the world's population of people aged 60 or older will reach 2 billion, or 200 pct of the total population, in 2050.
The company will operate the entire line between Shin-Sugita and Kanazawa Yakkei every 10 minutes, and the number of services will be about 35 pct smaller than usual.
Local governments hoping to join the initiative will set up a forum with the central government and private companies to draw up plans that include deregulation measures necessary to realize the concept and apply for it to the state after gaining the consent of local residents, according to the bill.
Meanwhile, the number of bankruptcies rose by nine to 224 in the service industry, mainly in the restaurant industry, where staff shortages are serious, and by three to 24 in the transport industry.
Nissin will partly replace petrochemical-derived plastic with plant-derived ones, aiming to raise the proportion of renewable resources to be used in cup noodles containers to 81 pct from the previous 71 pct.
Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga told a press conference on Wednesday, "We plan to carry out a demonstration study by putting sensors made by the Defense Ministry on an advanced optical satellite that Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency's <JAXA> Corp. plans to launch in fiscal 2020."
On the relationship between Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe's Iran visit and the attack, Suga said only, "The Iranian side highly appreciates the visit, which was meaningful from the viewpoint of easing regional tensions."
The survey showed that 50.1 pct asked people who think making the five-day paid leave mandatory is enough to select by multiple answers "because it is enough for the current holiday."
Of those who said they are single because they do not meet an appropriate partner, 61.4 pct said they "have done nothing in particular" to act to look for a partner.
The measures included considering preferential treatment of transfer procedures for technical intern trainees who will shift to the new Designated Technical No. 1 status if they work at the same company as before.
Exports of production equipment for semiconductors were down 30.4 pct on the back of a fall in demand from China, South Korea and other countries.
The arrests of the Chinese suspect are suspected of providing a total of some 69 million yen to the client side in July 2016 in January this year to cover losses caused by foreign exchange margin trading of eight clients of the company.
"We will make sure that the purpose of the Nazca earthengraving will be revealed through the identification and comparison of birds that were offered to the Emperor in the religious ceremony and those drawn on the earthenware used in daily life," said Niwa, associate professor at the university.
Empress Michiko arrived at the hospital around 1:30 a.m. on Sunday at 10:30 a.m. on Greenwidge Standard Time and left the hospital around 4:30 p.m.
The measures also included the active use of online surveys in order to reduce administrative burdens and improve the survey response rate.
Early Friday morning, the Imperial couple visited the University of Warsaw, the former city of Warsaw and the former royal palace in the country, respectively.
In a press document released after the Japan-Russia summit, the Japanese government only said, "We welcome the two countries' continued negotiations strenuously under the determination to accelerate the peace treaty negotiations based on the 1956 Japan-Soviet joint declaration."
The smartphone was originally scheduled to be launched in late May, but it was suspended due to the possible impact of U.S. government sanctions on Huawei.
Users will first use a dedicated app on their smartphones to film their skin and measure the amount of skin fat and water they have.
As of the end of 2018, 376 of the country's 728 firefighting headquarters had already introduced a special version of VoiceTra that can be used in 15 languages, including English, Chinese and Korean.
Meanwhile, the domestic stock market was slow to recover, and the GPIF ran a deficit of 2,073.2 billion yen in investment in Japanese stocks, the first deficit in three years.
According to the Japanese Foreign Ministry, there are a number of cases in which people entering Russia from Vladivostok and trying to depart to a third country from Moscow are fined for attempting to depart the country illegally.
At self-operating GS, employees will be given permission for refueling after checking whether their customers are ready at their offices, which will allow them to leave their offices for other operations if the permission is made available from tablet computers at some point.
The system can cope with office relocations and changes in sales floor space allocations even after construction, the sources said.
It asked Internet connection operators to block connections to pirated sites on a voluntary basis.
The metropolitan government will reprimand relevant officials and consider claiming compensation to them.
Tokyo, July 18 (Jiji Press)--Japanese Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry sources said Thursday that the ministry plans to sell aircraft parts made by Japanese companies to the company for electric airplanes envisioned by U.S. aircraft giant Boeing Co.
The statement said, "Our government can discuss, together with the Japanese side, reasonable measures to win the sympathy of the public and victims of the two countries, including measures to achieve a peaceful solution to the issues that have already been presented."
The increase in the average annual salary "apparently reflects a rush to increase pay and improve treatment" to secure enough staff, the sources said.
In the written opinion, South Korea claimed that it is strictly implementing export control to prevent its conversion to conventional weapons in addition to weapons of mass destruction in a third country.
The Japanese Defense Ministry said, "No ballistic missile has been confirmed to fly to our country's territory or exclusive economic zone of EEZ and no event has been confirmed at the moment that would immediately affect our country's security."
At a reporting gathering following the latest ruling, 71 of the plaintiffs' chief, Shinshinshinbito, criticized the ruling.
Suga said, "It's very important for Japan and South Korea to work together on issues that should be worked out."
Under the business tie-up, the company will promote research and development by combining JTEKT's manufacturing technology with deep learning technology for AI-related deep planning with connection design, aiming to create new business fields, the sources said.
Specifically, the proposal said that showing the Japanese side's claims to Chinese and South Korean researchers is expected to prevent groundless claims from being made.
Production at manufacturing industries is projected to rise 2.7 pct in July and 0.6 pct in August, the ministry said.
Kuroda indicated the possibility of taking "preventive easing" steps at a time when the European and U.S. central bank is stepping up its easing stance.
The WCPFC has 26 member economies, of which 10 are members.
The U.S. Department of State official called on the two Asian allies to act in a calm manner, saying, "We will be asked to be thoughtful so that tensions do not hurt economic, security ties between Japan and South Korea."
North Korea fired short-range ballistic missiles on July 25 and is launching flying hinds into the Sea of Japan as early as Wednesday and Friday.
The Agency for Cultural Affairs has adopted a subsidy of some 78 million yen but has not given it to any international art festival, including the special exhibition.
In the reporting month, the ministry returned the method to a full survey for large companies in Tokyo that were subject to the extraction survey for the first time in about 15 and a half years from this time.
The Black Cross "embodies the calamity of war and the suffering caused by war," said the Black Cross.
In a separate scene of his meeting with Abe, Esper criticized China for increasing its influence beyond the Asian region, saying, "It has caused regional instability, military action, predatory economic action threatens international rules."
The investigation report on the falsification issue noted that the Kinki Local Finance Bureau strongly opposed the instruction by the ministry's Science and Finance Bureau for falsification.
According to the ministry, at least 20 of the 28 surveyed infections were infected through wild boars.
Aircraft using Haneda used to fly above Tokyo Bay, but the new route will also pass over central Tokyo, including Shibuya, Shinjuku and Shinagawa.
The number of bankruptcies increased at nine of the 10 industries surveyed.
The survey, which is expected to be conducted in fiscal 2020, will include a wide range of items related to children, such as diet and learning mastery, and involvement with local communities, in addition to the child poverty rate, according to the sources.
The move comes as the ministry aims to create an attractive space in the city, along with the creation of compact cities that feature homes, commercial facilities and other facilities in central areas, in order to cope with the country's falling population.
In a letter sent to U.S. President Donald Trump, North Korean President Kim Jong Un made a "slight apology" for the short-range missile launch and indicated his intention to stop the launch after the end of the U.S.-South Korean military exercise on Tuesday.
Baba went on to say, "Opposition parties other than Ishin should respond to discussions at a constitutional inquest panel set up to discuss the revised items."
"Revising the constitution in line with the times is our mission to live in the current era," he said.
This time, a popular "Tapioca Milk Tea" restaurant opened in Japan from Taiwan, sparking its popularity, industry sources said.
In recent years, Germany has put importance on relations with Japan as a partner that shares values, in the wake of the rise of China and worsening ties with U.S. President Donald Trump.
Tokyo, Aug. 21 (Jiji Press)--Japan's Ministry of Land, Infrastructure, Transport and Tourism said Wednesday that it will allocate 24 of 50 international flight arrivals and departures at Haneda Airport from March 2020 to routes between Japan and the United States.
The Aso area is popular among South Koreans who enjoy golf, with the number of golf customers usually increasing in winter.
Specifically, the service will make it possible to check actions of elderly people in their interiors with their smartphones and make it more efficient to check their safety at night.
Unofficial sites are sometimes displayed as ads at the top in search results on the Internet, and consumers sometimes access them by dismissing them from official sites, according to the center.
Tokyo, Aug. 28 (Jiji Press)--Japan's Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare said Wednesday that 17 of the 44 institutions had found that the number of staff with disabilities was below the required level as of June 1 this year.
Sudan, which has been suspended from the AU, is only allowed to attend related meetings, while 53 African countries are taking part in the plenary session of the international conference.
The proportion of all Recruit HD shares held by business companies other than individual investors and institutional investors stood at over 30 pct as of the end of June.
The president unveiled plans to double the budget for these areas from the current level or more in order to strengthen competitiveness in such areas as materials and parts, for which Japan has strengthened its export control.
Still, according to the survey as of June last year, only 116 of the country's 728 firefighting headquarters had introduced the use of drones, while 72 had actually used them.
In order to avoid mistransmission of the data, users will be required to log the data on a dedicated system instead of e-sending it to the court, according to the sources.
The insurance business law prohibits policyholders from telling important matters, such as their insurance premiums and compensation details, or transferring contracts without telling objectionable facts.
In 2018, Toyota produced some 129,000 units at the plant, accounting for 8.5 pct of all vehicles produced in Britain this year.
"I came to buy a television set to be put in the living room in a rush before the tax hike," said 28, a company employee in the city of Osaka who came with his family.
As for the impact of the latest tariff move on the Japanese and global economies, Suga said, "I will refrain from responding with a prejudgment."
MaaS Global currently operates services in Finland, Belgium and Britain, aiming to provide services in Japan as well.
Five of the seven component indicators improved on the back of solid automobile-related shipments and production.
The agency calls for "refraining from the use of healthy foods if you experience physical health problems, such as diarrhea, after the use of quetogenne, and consult with the largest medical institution."
A proposal has emerged to increase out-of-pocket medical expenses under the health insurance system for elderly people to 20 pct from the current 10 pct, and the government is considering raising out-of-pocket payments for users of nursing care services.
The remarks about Japan's capital punishment system are closely watched as the Emperor is taking a position against the system.
The average price rose 19.5 pct to 64.05 million yen, fueled by the launch of relatively priced condominiums in Tokyo's densely populated 23 wards, including the Olympic village condo.
The U.S. administration of President Donald Trump decided last year to tighten screenings for foreign investors out of caution over China, which is emerging rapidly in the IT and other fields, apparently European countries are also stepping up their foreign-related regulations.
In August this year, the Japanese government added 20 industries, including integrated circuits, mobile phones and software, to the list of eligible industries for which advance notification is mandatory for foreign capital.
"Our stores focus mainly on consultation operations," Senkaku said, suggesting a negative view on the store reduction.
In Chiba, a total of six people had to be hospitalized for three weeks or longer, 201 had to be hospitalized for a short time, and 289 had minor cases.
In the logistics industry, Yamato Holdings has already installed more than 4,000 home delivery boxes and Japan Post Service Co. has more than 300 boxes.
The bereaved families started signing activities on street and blog to call for the indictment and severe punishment of the suspect, saying that the severe punishment for the perpetrator will lead to prevention of a recurrence.
The current starting salary is set at 133,500 yen per month for SDF officer candidates with term of office and 169,900 yen for general sergeant candidates in principle, both lower than the 171,200 yen set for police officers employed by central government agencies.
Meanwhile, the number of "targeted e-mail attacks" in which virus-tainted e-mails were sent to and from companies and other important information rose 4.2 pct to 2,687 in the first half of this year.
In the middle of each month, the ministry announced the previous month's export and import results as preliminary data, followed by announcing detailed export results for each product name and other items, the sources said.
Still, "It is questionable whether many people who do their daily shopping at major supermarkets will go to small and midsize supermarkets."
There were no overcharges for passengers who used the pass or paid in cash.
Under the policy, the government will also work to strengthen production bases for target products, help companies promote overseas expansion, and strengthen the competitiveness of domestic industries.
Abe instructed relevant government officials to make all-out efforts to gather and analyze information on the latest missile launch, including providing the public with information quickly and accurately and thorough safety checks on aircraft, ships and other items.
The September consumer confidence index was the biggest decline since February 2016, when the index dropped 1.9 pct due to a flagging stock market.
