At the RCEP meeting, the ministers confirmed plans to focus on negotiations so that a meeting of their leaders can be held in Singapore on July 1 for a conclusion in late November.
Fukushima, July 29 (Jiji Press)--J-Village, a national soccer center facility that has been used for more than seven years as a base for responding to the March 2011 nuclear accident, and some facilities in Fukushima Prefecture have resumed normal operations.
Evacuation advisories and evacuation orders were issued to the city of Hiroshima and many residents in areas hit by the torrential rain that started earlier this month.
The peace declaration calls for the establishment of security that does not depend on nuclear weapons by nuclear powers and others, while highlighting the devastation of atomic bombing and the inhumanity of nuclear weapons, according to the outline.
The smoking rate for men fell 0.4 point to 27.8, and that for women 0.3 point to 8.7, both marking record lows.
The MSDF also plans to have another Aegis ship launch in 2019, while the Haijian Aegis ship will be eight ready in 21.
Berlin, July 29 (Jiji Press)--The 18 Kickickickichindo Class from Japan ranked second in the men's junior category at the Barna International Ballet Competition, which is believed to be one of the world's three major ballet cones.
In the situation on the Korean Peninsula, ministers have expressed "welcome" to the North-South summit in April and the U.S.-North Korea summit in June, calling for continued efforts to realize the denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula.
By industry, before seasonal adjustment for new job openings, the month-on-year increase 4.0 pct for construction, 3.8 pct for medical and welfare, and 3.5 pct for manufacturing, including automakers.
Meanwhile, information and communications services were down 11.2 pct and accommodation and restaurant services down 3.2 pct.
The shipment index stood at minus 101.3, down 0.2 pct, due chiefly to a drop in shipments of oil and coal products at oil refineries for routine checkups.
While the negative interest rate policy, under which minus 0.1 pct is applied to current account deposits at financial institutions with the BOJ, will be kept unchanged, the BOJ will reduce the coverage of the negative rate to around 5 trillion yen from around 10 trillion yen at present.
Tokyo, July 31 (Jiji Press)--Prosecutors have voluntarily interviewed some 10 senior officials of the ministry in a corruption case involving a senior education, culture, sports, science and technology ministry official, Jiji Press learned Tuesday.
Nintendo is believed to have other senior education ministry officials, such as a former senior sports agency official, Nintendo, according to the sources.
The plan calls for using plutonium held by TEPCO Holdings, which faces difficulties restarting idled nuclear reactors due to suspended operations, at nuclear plants of other companies.
Of them, domestic investment and overseas investment received responses from 2,059 companies and 867 companies, respectively.
Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga told a press conference on Wednesday, "The government will accelerate preparations for the ceremony in line with the succession of the Imperial Throne and make sure that the ceremony is held with no end."
The gap between lending and deposit rates in Japan shrank at four of the five firms, excluding Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Holdings.
Tokyo, Aug. 2 (Jiji Press)--Damage from special fraud in Japan in the first half of this year, or June, fell 1.33 billion yen, or 7.1 pct, from the same period last year to 17,490 million yen, down for the fourth straight term, preliminary data compiled by the National Police Agency showed Thursday.
The National Police Agency said that although the overall number has fallen thanks to a sharp drop in the refund fraud, the "Rinore" fraud is on the rise and that the situation remains extremely serious.
As the company's full-year earnings projection for the year ending in March 2019 includes a comeback, Toshiba said it sees no change in its previous projection.
Singapore, Aug. 2 (Jiji Press)--Japanese Foreign Minister Taro Kono and his South Korean counterpart, Kankeiwa, on Thursday confirmed close cooperation among Japan, South Korea, Japan, the United States and three other countries toward the denuclearization of North Korea.
While Kono also expressed concern over the situation in the South China Sea, where China is making a military base, Wang showed the view that the situation is moving toward a stable direction.
Higashimatsushima, Miyagi, Aug. 2 (Jiji Press)--Prime Minister Shinzo Abe indicated Thursday that the government will complete the relocation to public housing by fiscal 2020 for victims of the March 2011 disaster who live in temporary housing in the prefectures of Iwate and Miyagi.
In June alone, the country's trade deficit with Japan fell 3.4 pct from a year before to 5.3 billion dollars, down for the third consecutive month.
Singapore, Aug. 3 (Jiji Press)--Japanese Foreign Minister Taro Kono had a short conversation with his North Korean counterpart, Lee Yong Ho, in Singapore on Friday night.
The judge rejected the defense's claim that the third-party DNA type detected in pressure-sensitive media attached to the girl's body was the true culprit, judging that the contamination may have occurred during the fingerprint-detection work.
Of those who did not evacuate, more than 80 pct each said they did not feel the emergency of evacuating or thought their homes were all right.
Some members said that side effects on the JGB market's liquidity and functions "are becoming visible in various ways" on the BOJ's massive JGB purchases.
After obtaining information on the records, the ministry sent an official to Mongolia in June to confirm that the records exist.
The records of criminal trials will be kept for up to 100 years by the Japan District Public Prosecutors Office, which was in charge of the first trial, but records other than rulings are often disposed of after the expiration of the storage period.
Rishiri, Hokkaido, Aug. 4 (Jiji Press)--Japanese Emperor Akihito and Empress Michiko, both during their three-day visit to Hokkaido from Friday, visited the island of Rishiri, the northernmost Japan prefecture, for the first time on Saturday.
On behalf of the organizer, Harumi Takahashi, governor of Hokkaido, said, "We'll take on the generations 50 years ahead and 100 years ahead of Furusato, Hokkaido, with pride in the diverse values and attractions that our predecessors have honed over many years."
Singapore, Aug. 5 (Jiji Press)--Japanese Foreign Minister Taro Kono and his Singapore counterpart, Vivian Balakrishnan, on Sunday agreed to strengthen ties between Japan and the Association of Southeast Asian Nations.
83, vice chairman of the Korean Hibakusha Confederation, Hiroshima Prefecture, northeastern Japan, pointed to the aging of hibakusha who returned to North Korea after the war.
According to the ministry, 123 of the company's 128 offices across Japan were subject to overcharges.
Some hibakusha said they could tell their grandchildren that they could not talk to their children.
According to the prefectural disaster response headquarters, evacuation advisories were issued to some 1.52 million people in Hiroshima, but only some 6,000 people actually evacuated.
The surface of the gold coin is topped with Hoso, which symbolizes Emperor Akihito, and Kiri and Hakuba, which represent Emperor Akihito and Empress Michiko, respectively, while the surface of the copper coin features the design of a trolley used in the 1959 Imperial Couple's Underage Wedding Parade.
With the front line on the north side of the Typhoon 13, the Japan Meteorological Agency called on the Kanto-Koshin and Tohoku Pacific sides to keep a close watch on heavy rain, storms and high waves from before the typhoon approach.
The Japan Meteorological Agency's Dignignit forecasters said that they want to ask residents in areas that may be affected to evacuate early, following relevant local government evacuation advisories.
Of the seven indicators comparable with the previous month, four deteriorated.
Tokyo, Aug. 7 (Jiji Press)--The Ministry of Finance revised up its economic assessment for Hokkaido, northernmost Japan, in a quarterly regional economic report Tuesday, while the Chugoku region, which was hit hard by torrential rain in July, gave up its assessment.
Talks on issues related to the deployment, such as environmental conservation and compensation in the event of an accident, had been suspended since the February accident in Kanzaki, Saga Prefecture, southwestern Japan.
Within 70 kilometers from the center of the typhoon, wind speeds are 25 meters or more, and within 560 kilometers east of the center and 280 kilometers west of the center, wind speeds 15 meters or more.
The Japanese insurer will also form a sales alliance with Sancorp Group, aiming to expand its Australian operations by utilizing the group's sales network.
This is the second application for the NRA's compliance checks for new regulatory standards for nuclear reactors under construction, after Electric Power Development Co., J-Power Co., in December 2014 called for a review of the Oma nuclear power plant in the town of Oma in Aomori Prefecture, northeastern Japan.
"As Lawson operates across the country, we hope to contribute to regional economies as well as financial institutions in each region," he said.
Questions in the survey include how many people took the exam by gender and age in the past six years and how many people passed the exam.
The fish wholesaler company will thus cooperate with the carrier to keep frozen tuna in a truck with a powerful freezing machine until just before 4:30 a.m., when the sales location will open.
At a summit meeting in 2016, Japan and Russia designated 18 years as the exchange year for Japan and Russia.
Revenue from the lottery will be a valuable source of funds for local governments, but it has fallen to 299.6 billion yen in fiscal 2017, compared with 439.8 billion yen in fiscal 2005 due to a downtrend.
In fiscal 2016, 60.3 pct of schools that had been handling school lunches on their own and 39.7 pct of those that had been handled by local governments, the education ministry's survey showed.
The envisaged special council of the ruling Liberal Democratic Party plans to urge the government to secure the budget for the issues outside the fringe of regular science, technology and university budgets.
JX Holdings and TonenGeneral Sekiyu two years after the birth of JX through their business integration, Idemitsu and Showa Shell also merged in April 2019, leading the industry into a three-force era.
Sao Paulo, Aug. 14 (Jiji Press)--Japanese Foreign Minister Taro Kono and his Peruvian counterpart, Nestro Popolicio, agreed Tuesday to urge the dictatorships of Philippine President Nicolas Madro to democratize the country.
Abe paid tamagushi fees as a representative by the party's special aide to Masahiko Shibayama, who visited the shrine on behalf of Liberal Democratic Party President Shinzo Abe.
On May 29, 2015, an explosive eruption occurred at Mount Shindake, which forced all residents to evacuate outside the island after the agency raised the alert level for an eruption requiring immediate evacuation to 5.
As no eruption occurred last after a very small eruption on June 19, 2015, the agency lowered its volcanic alert level to 3 pct from 5 in June 2016 and to Level 2 in April this year.
Meanwhile, the number of visitors from China surged 12.6 pct to 879,100, 3.1 pct to 469,500 in Taiwan and 13.4 pct to 146,700 in the United States.
According to the ministry, the prefectural government's Air Self-Defense Force informed the ministry of the helicopter's flight plan at 8:53 a.m., just before Friday's flight.
In addition, the prefectural government's Air Self-Defense Force informed the ministry's Tokyo Airport Office of the arrival of the helicopter around 11:19 a.m. on Friday, even though the helicopter had not arrived at the heliport in Maebashi.
One of the experts reported that the DNA types of Japanese people were five of the 110 remains tested and those of Filipinos 54.
Tokyo, Aug. 17 (Jiji Press)--The Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology said Friday that Japanese high school students have won three gold medals and one silver medal at the 12th International Geology Olympics in Thailand this month.
The ministry will increase the number of immigration officers and immigration officers to make it stricter on how foreigners work and how to deal with illegal stays in Japan.
The meeting will include a meeting of the G-20 leaders from the Group of 20 economies slated to be held in Osaka in June.
The photo of the face is taken by a camera attached to the unmanned gate and is automatically checked against the photo of the face of a passport or passport with an IC chip.
"We must advance cooperation in order to increase the number of signatory countries further," he said, expressing his intention to strengthen efforts to increase the number of signatory countries.
Of the 18 areas in the RCEP negotiations, 16 countries, including China, have already agreed on four areas, including government procurement, customs procedures and trade facilitation.
The use of nursing care robots, which support excreting and walking, is expected to substantially reduce the physical burden on nursing care workers and ease the labor shortages in the nursing care industry.
After the meeting the same day, Suga cited issues such as promoting the distribution of used handsets and releasing SIM locks that prevent handsets sold by mobile carriers from being used by lines of other companies.
Although the total number of foreign guests in the six northeastern Japan prefectures stood at some 950,000 in 2017, up about 90 pct from 10 years, the figure was only 1.3 pct of the total guests in the country.
The ministry is considering demanding 5,935.1 billion yen in its budget estimates for fiscal 2019, up 11.8 pct from the previous year's budget.
Japan and the United States are fully united in the policy of realizing the full denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula, Abe said.
Although the South American country eased its regulations drastically in December 2012, Jiji Press continued to impose restrictions on products made in Fukushima Prefecture, northeastern Japan, such as obliging them to submit production origin certificates and radioactive materials inspection certificates.
The four firms are expected to negotiate ways to collaborate on the construction and decommissioning of nuclear reactors in Japan and the establishment of a new company to manage nuclear plant maintenance, sources familiar with the matter said.
The agency released high-temperature caution information to Hokuriku and other parts of the Sea of Japan coast, calling for caution against heatstroke.
Of the five companies, Diamet, which makes auto parts, may have had continued falsification since around 1977 at the latest.
Evacuation orders were issued to part of the city of Katano, Osaka Prefecture, while evacuation orders were issued to many municipalities in western Japan, such as Marugame, Kagawa Prefecture.
Fukui, Aug. 25 (Jiji Press)--The government on Saturday conducted a comprehensive disaster drill based on the assumption that a severe accident occurred at Kansai Electric's Oi and Takahama nuclear power plants, both in the Chubu region of Fukui.
The experimental vehicle is equipped with a ZUMP-developed self-driving system in the minivan, which automatically operates the steering wheel, axles and brakes.
After the ruling, 49 pct of the victim's daughter, 49 pct, said in an interview, "I believe the ruling is light compared with the weight of the mother's life, and the law does not suit the times."
In 2017, the number of newly found AIDS virus HIV cases fell by 35 to 976 and that of new patients who had already developed AIDS by 24 to 413.
The fraud was found at 27 of the 33 central government agencies surveyed, more than 80 pct.
Tokyo, Aug. 28 (Jiji Press)--The Internal Affairs and Communications Ministry's Fire and Disaster Management Agency plans to strengthen safety measures for antidisaster helicopters held by local governments in the wake of a recent fatal accident involving an antidisaster helicopter, Jiji Press learned Tuesday.
The document referring to Chinese President Xi Jinping's remarks that his country will accelerate the development of the militarization of intelligence, deter war and win the war.
Tokyo, Aug. 29 (Jiji Press)--The Cabinet Office plans to extend a system under which companies donated to local governments working on regional revitalization receive tax benefits, sources familiar with the matter told Jiji Press on Wednesday.
The ministry also aims to obtain one jet and one surveying plane to strengthen the system for marine surveillance and marine surveys.
Japan needs to see what is really necessary for the country's defense capabilities, rather than considering the issue as an extension of its conventional policy, he stressed.
At a parliamentary meeting the same day, some companies and groups that attended the meeting ordered the Japanese government to closely cooperate with U.S. aviation authorities in the wake of the consideration of drawing up air regulations for flying vehicles in the United States.
"Ties between Japan and the United States have never been strong," Abe, who has been selling strong ties with Trump, also stresses in his local campaign for the ruling Liberal Democratic Party's leadership election in September.
Of the total, 24.7 billion yen will be held at the Group of 20 summit in Osaka in June and 1.2 billion yen at the Seventh Tokyo International Conference on African Development, or TICAD VI, in Kanagawa in August.
Thanks partly to a drop in the supply of private-sector apartments, rented apartments fell 1.4 pct to 35,847 units, down for the 14th consecutive month.
Starting two years ago, the nonprofit organization, which is affiliated with some 110 free school operators and related groups in Japan, has introduced on its Web site information about groups that offer shelters and offer free telephone consultations at this time of the year.
The fishermen's side claims dolphin fishing with Japanese heritage and culture, but current fishing is not traditional as ships and fishing gear are far more advanced than in the past, the organizer said.
Bombers capable of carrying the missile were seen passing through airspace between Okinawa's main island and Miyakojima to the coast of the Kii Peninsula and through the Tsushima Strait last year.
The growth reflected large spending growth at information and communications machinery, chemical products and transportation machinery makers, including semiconductors.
Recurring profits at manufacturers jumped 27.5 pct to 10,046.6 billion yen thanks to growth at information and communications machinery makers and production machinery makers.
Combined sales at all companies surveyed rose 5.1 pct to 344,614.9 billion yen, supported by increased sales of electronic parts for automobiles and industrial machinery and brisk automobile exports to Asia, the ministry said.
Meanwhile, the end of the rainy season in the Kanto eastern Japan region, which includes Tokyo, was confirmed around June 29, the earliest since the year.
At a press conference on Tuesday, Chief Cabinet Secretary Osamu Fujimura also said, "It is important for people related to companies, universities and others to discuss the matter while fully considering students," indicating that the government will carefully watch the course of discussions.
Matsui told a press conference that this is "a state of emergency," he said, noting that if the airport's functions deteriorate, it needs to supplement the entrance and exit functions from abroad.
To collect information, the government set up a task force office at the crisis management center of the official residence.
Meanwhile, the total requested amount for the "zaito" fiscal investment and loan program has fallen 12.9 pct from the previous year's initial plan to 12,597.3 billion yen, the lowest level in the past 20 years, as demand for zaito funds is on a downtrend thanks to the economic recovery.
Meanwhile, Ranjawang Tokyo Co., a major operator of telephone interpretation and other businesses, has started providing free interpretation services for 12 languages, including English and Korean.
The infectious disease, known as pork fever, affects pork and wild boars.
Eating the meat of an infected pork will not cause infection among people.
Only one of the three manufacturing lines at the plant, which produce such items as canned beer, was back in operation.
The prime minister also said he plans to carry out a consumption tax hike to 10 pct from 8 pct in October next year as planned.
If the company passes the price hike to retail prices, the price hike for household-use thin flour will be around 3.8 yen per kilogram, the ministry said.
UPJ's Decision Made 46, who also serves as a handle for another rescue dog, recalls that the sediment covered the house and that it had been difficult for the rescue dog to snag human food.
The Finance Ministry said that the negative effects of the torrential rain in the western Japan region in some parts of the Chugoku and Shikoku regions will be limited in the Japanese economy as a whole although the latest survey "reflects the trend of the economy as a whole as the economy is recovering moderately," a Finance Ministry official said.
Applicants who were born on or before April 1, 2002 can choose up to three areas of their hope from nine areas--guidance, sports, transportation support, attendo, operational support, healthcare, technology, media and ceremonies.
At the time of a series of earthquakes in Kumamoto in 2016, the Web site introduced a system allowing municipalities that are not affected by the disaster to accept donations and issue certificates of receipts on behalf of affected municipalities in order to ease the burdens on affected municipalities.
Meanwhile, the prices of electric and transportation equipment dropped 0.4 pct, respectively.
In about 60 pct of the 414 cases, violations of laws and regulations, such as not to cross cross cross cross sidewalk while being near a cross path, were accidents.
The Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry aims to lower the purchase price from a company of 18 yen per kilowatt-hour in fiscal 218 to 8.5 yen in fiscal 2224 and that from a household to 11 yen in fiscal 2527 from 26 yen.
Abe refutes that his policies are not a confrontational structure between the economies of local governments and Tokyo. Jiji Press: "If Tokyo's economy improves, the prices of farm produce grown in the countryside will rise as well," Abe said.
Although the research itself won the prize did not bear fruit, Chrysanthemum told Jiji Press before the award ceremony, "This study has become the origin of my own research to reduce the death toll from open-yen cancer to zero."
The U.S. special representative vowed to give all the power to the return of the Japanese victims in a meeting with the secretaries-general of the abductees' families' association later in the day.
Tokyo, Sept. 14 (Jiji Press)--The public approval rate for the cabinet of Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe rose 3.2 pct from the previous month to 41.7 pct, topping disapproval for the first time in seven months, a Jiji Press opinion poll for September showed Friday.
Mitsubishi Heavy plans to use some 120 billion yen to resolve its debt excess in fiscal 2018, particularly through such methods as debt stock exchange, sources familiar with the matter said.
The ministry also said the number of people aged 70 or over came to 26.18 million, accounting for 20.7 pct of the total population.
The upgrade follows the ministry's decision to acquire 27 billion yen per aircraft at the U.S. government's Chartered Military Aid FMS for the first time in order to strengthen the Air Self's surveillance capabilities for the Nansei Islands.
At present, 170 round-trip international flights per day were on Kansai Air's route before the Typhoon 21 disaster, down some 70 at present.
Exports rose 5.3 pct to 1,024.9 billion yen, thanks to growth in such products as medicines, construction and mining machinery, while imports rose 21.5 pct to 790.1 billion yen, a record high for August, the ministry said.
The Ficko group will also consider acquiring a majority of Tech Bureau shares and dispatching a majority of board members.
The Hayabusa-2 dropped the Minerva-2-1 survey robot toward the north side of the asteroid's equator at around 4:06 a.m. on 1:06 p.m. Greenwich Standard Time, which reached some 55 meters above Ryugu, Thursday, the spacecraft began to descend from 20 kilometers above.
Halfindex, Canada, Sept. 20 (Jiji Press)--The Environment, Ocean and Energy Ministers of the Group of Seven advanced countries and the G-7 agreed Thursday to promote recycling of plastic waste and develop disposal technologies and other measures as part of efforts to reduce emissions of marine plastic debris.
Blast furnace steel, mainly made from iron ore, increased 0.5 pct to 6,813,000 tons, while electric furnace steel, which uses steel scraps, increased 2.2 pct to 1,992,000 tons.
By type, H-steel, which is used for large buildings and other buildings, increased 1.3 pct, and small steel bars, such as for houses, increased 1.2 pct.
While Trump is scrambling to impose additional tariffs on imported vehicles and parts, Abe hopes to avoid an additional tariff hike by the U.S. president, emphasizing the importance of international rule-based free trade, according to the sources.
The DI is calculated by deducting the percentage of companies seeing business conditions as bad from the percentage of companies seeing them as good.
The Defense Ministry has budgeted research and development for glider bullets since fiscal 2018, when the ministry requested a 13.8-billion-yen budget for related spending for the next fiscal year from April.
Both newspaper and magazine ads grew 9.7 pct and 4.3 pct, respectively.
The average premium rate also hit a record high of 9.167 pct, up by 204 unions thanks to higher premium rates.
Transport demand for auto parts, electronic parts and other products between the two regions has been increasing sharply in recent years, the sources said.
On Nov. 27, Tokai No. 2 will reach its 40-year operational deadline, Jiji Press said, adding that the extension of the operational period requires a separate series of approvals by the Nuclear Regulation Authority, including a construction plan that states detailed designs for equipment and facilities.
The minister said in a statement that the individual management decisions were made under the responsibility of TEPCO management and that supporting TEPCO would not cause any major impediment to compensation and decommissioning work for residents and companies affected by the nuclear accident, adding that it is not a problem.
At its mainstay Oppama plant, Yokosuka, Kanagawa Prefecture, south of Tokyo, and four other plants in Japan, Nissan said it had rewritten data on emissions and treated invalid data as valid data.
The agency advises people who have never been infected with rubella and those who have not received vaccinations.
While Rowhani asked for cooperation in continuing the nuclear agreement, Abe stressed that it is important to continue to implement the agreement.
The amount of international cargo dropped 10 pct to 168,510 tons. Jiji Fuel Refueling fell 2 pct to 373,805 kiloliters.
Instead of escaping from automobile tariffs, the EU has responded to the start of talks on lowering tariffs on industrial products, excluding automobiles.
Referring to a recent survey by Kenhoren, Nintendo said some elderly people are also calling for a hike in the proportion of elderly people's out-of-pocket payments.
Regarding Japan's relationship with the pro-Pyongyang General Association of Korean Residents in Japan, or Chongryon, the presiding judge pointed out that there are reasonable suspicions that Chongryon schools are controlled by Chongryon to warn against the independence of education.
Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga told a press conference that Abe told Trump at the meeting that "it is important for the country to continue introducing high-performance equipment, including U.S. equipment, in order to respond to the severe security environment."
The increase apparently reflects an increase in the number of foreigners living in Japan, such as those who study or work in the country.
The maximum instantaneous wind speed of 56.2 meters, the strongest on record, was observed before 1 p.m. at 10 a.m. and Greenwich Standard Time in Nanjo, Okinawa Prefecture, southern Japan.
The company, now in business reconstruction, plans to hire 1,500 employees in April 2019, up 1.7-fold from the 1,500 spring 2018 level before its accounting fraud was discovered.
The government has adjusted in two stages to compile a supplementary budget, where the first supplementary measure will focus on restoration from recent natural disasters, such as a massive earthquake in Hokkaido, northernmost Japan, last month, while the second supplementary measure will focus on disaster-related projects.
In August, the Japanese automaker had dissolved its capital alliance with Toyota to seek a new partner.
The proposed lump-sum payments are also expected to be paid to those who have agreed to the infertility surgery and those who have underwent other types of surgery, such as hysteriosurgery.
Nemuro, Hokkaido, Oct. 5 (Jiji Press)--A public-private joint study team on Japan-Russia joint economic activities on the four disputed Northern Japan islands returned to Nemuro port in Hokkaido, northernmost Japan, on Friday after activities there.
Toshiyuki Matsumori, director of the Japan Meteorological Agency's Earthquake and Tsunami Surveillance Division, said that quake activities in the area will continue for the time being.
Run agriculture in the Tomizato district of the town of Atsuma, where four people were killed in the mudslide, 50 pct of their friends, who were killed in the disaster, put their hands together to 39 pct at the time.
The IOC asked the Tokyo organizing committee last month to move up the starting time for the event, the sources said, adding that the boat federation has a wish to end the event in the morning in order to protect its athletes from the heat of midsummer.
"The flow of the world is trying to reduce the slaughter punishment," he said, adding that the municipal government's plan is that the slaughter punishment is inevitable.
The company saw its operating revenue grow only slightly thanks to the closure of unprofitable stores, but its net profit soared 35.8 pct to 30.3 billion yen thanks to a profit from the sale of a supermarket subsidiary in Hong Kong, the sources said.
While Thailand ranked top in the February survey, along with Singapore, Japan rose to the top single spot in the latest rankings as Myanmar waived visas for Japanese tourists earlier this month.
Uny Famima aims to concentrate its management resources on its core convenience store operations by separating its slumping supermarket operations.
Tokyo, Oct. 11 (Jiji Press)--Some 90 pct of 380 municipalities that are asked by the Ministry of Internal Affairs and Communications to review "furusato nozei" returned goods, a system for making donations to local governments, are planning to review them as requested, a Jiji Press survey found Thursday.
According to a business plan submitted by the metropolitan government to the Ministry of Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries in August, fishery product handling at the Toyosu market in fiscal 2023 is estimated at 616,400 tons, up 60 pct from the level at the Tsukiji market in 2017.
The survey also showed that 56.8 pct of those who have pet owners said they would certainly go to evacuation centers together, while 10 pct of respondents said they would not go to evacuation centers because they were with their pet.
The G-20 faces trade friction between its members, but differences in opinion should be resolved directly by their members involved in the friction, he said.
In order to prevent excessive return goods, the Ministry of Internal Affairs and Communications has issued a notice to local governments demanding that the prices of returned goods be limited to 30 pct or less of the total donations.
Aeon and Fuji will jointly develop private-brand products for sale in the Shikoku and Chugoku regions, where Fuji is based, in addition to joint procurement of the products.
Besides Ehime, Fuji operates a total of over 90 general supermarkets and food supermarkets in the three Shikoku prefectures of Kagawa, Kochi and Tokushima as well as Hiroshima and two other prefectures in the Chugoku region of Yamaguchi.
The final ruling found that the confession was found guilty only based on the confession made during the investigation stage of Nintendo, but both Kumamoto District Court and Fukuoka High Court denied the credibility of the confession in the retrial request trial.
In Taki Chemical, researchers who were studying mushrooms at the university had started research on fully artificial cultivation of Baikamatsutake about six years ago.
Regarding the reason for the decision to introduce the system, the ministry explained that it is necessary to introduce a missile that allows SDF personnel to deal with it safely from outside the threat zone of the other party.
The project to release crested ibises started in 2008, with a total of 308 released birds so far in Japan.
As for the trading method, three types will be tested and studied, including the auction method, which is established when the prices of buy and sell orders match, the sources said.
A total of 110 tunnels inspected by the three companies in fiscal 16 and fiscal 2017 were not inspected by the Inspection Board, and no fiberscope checks were conducted at all of them.
The 727.5-billion-yen costs include the disposal of disaster debris, financial support for affected small and midsize businesses, and the restoration of the Kansai International Airport Liaison Bridge, which was damaged by tankers swept away during the passage of a large typhoon.
Of them, 21 groups have confirmed damage, 11 have found it difficult to investigate, and 14 have said they are investigating.
They are expected to present a specific purpose for the talks with Japan 30 days before they start.
The system glitch occurred on Oct. 9 on one of the four lines linking the TSE's trading system and securities companies.
The government will thus ask cardholders and payment service companies to lower their fees during the period.
He competed in the Olympics for the fourth consecutive time since the 2004 Men's Olympic Games.
The government hopes to finish the review of the group's draft revision by the end of the week, Jiji Press said, apparently hoping to submit it to the Diet by the end of next week after completing the legal establishment procedures within the ruling Liberal Democratic Party and its coalition partner, New Komeito.
The overall number of store visitors fell 2.6 pct to 1,343.28 million, down for the first time in two months, but per-customer purchases increased 6.3 pct to 623 yen, reflecting the demand, the association said.
The report said that lending has been increasing mainly among companies with relatively low creditworthiness as financial institutions have become more lenient due to large-scale monetary easing.
In September 2012, legislation aimed at realizing the initiative was enacted. But the plans have not been realized as the economic industry and agriculture, forestry and fisheries ministries of TOCOM and the relevant ministries are reluctant to do so.
The blackouts in Hokkaido, northernmost Japan, were caused chiefly by the suspension of all three Tomahigashi Atsuga thermal power plants of Hokkaido Electric, which covered about half of electricity in Hokkaido until the Sept. 6 earthquake, in the wake of the disaster, as well as a hydropower plant shutdown caused by power transmission line damage.
Meanwhile, prices continued to rise for civil engineering, engineering and construction services, and job placement services on the back of labor shortages.
Of the 538 plants in Japan that carried out the survey, six manufacturing plants were all found to have had a total of eight cancer sufferers.
The test delivery was conducted about 9 kilometers between a post office in the city of Minamisoma and a post office in the town of Namie.
Princess Masako also paid respects at the Imperial Cemetery, which honors the spirits of past Japanese Emperor and Imperial Family members, and the shrine, which honors theChineseRegalia.
The Japanese side will continue to strongly urge China to ease the ban, aiming to realize easing by Chinese President Xi Jinping's expected visit to Japan possibly next year.
The Imperial couple have almost every time attended the event since the first one held in Oita Prefecture, southwestern Japan, in 1981.
The Trump administration has complained that Japan has tariffs and nontariff barriers in the fields of automobiles, agriculture and services, and a fierce debate battle is expected on both sides over these areas, observers said.
Hitachi and SBI hope to utilize huge amounts of settlement data to provide various new services, such as management advice to customers and prevention of unauthorized settlements, the sources said.
Some 47,000 SDF troops and 9,500 U.S. troops will participate in such drills as ballistic missile defense and remote island defense.
Under the current international taxation rules, the government cannot in principle tax foreign companies that do not have such head offices as factories and branches within its jurisdiction.
An interim report on digital taxation compiled by the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development, or OECD, in March calls for reviewing the taxation principle.
After congratulating Abe on the occasion, the Crown Prince stood in a toatery and said, "Help each other to create an indelible and bright family."
Of the four components of the index, those for living conditions deteriorated for the second straight month, while those for income growth and the employment situation deteriorated, respectively.
Meanwhile, KDDI, which is strengthening its fields other than the core, such as settlement services and Internet mail-order sales, will utilize Rakuten's logistics foundation to streamline its distribution and delivery operations.
Two F-15 fighter jets belonging to the Chitose base in Hokkaido, northernmost Japan, came into contact during combat training in 2005, according to the ministry.
Aiming to strengthen cooperation with related organizations, a total of 142 municipalities took part, more than 59 in the previous survey.
This is the first time for Japan to recall goods from the ISS. Where so far, such goods recalls have been limited to the United States and Russia.
The government plans to take steps to ensure that the three major mobile carriers and mobile distributors properly display advertising.
In a joint press statement issued after the meeting, Abe explained that the two sides agreed on the recognition that full implementation of U.N. Security Council resolutions against North Korea is necessary for the complete denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula.
The large-scale consecutive holidays are aimed at boosting the mood of people's celebrations ahead of the Crown Prince's accession to the throne and reducing the impact on people's lives following the revision from the current Heisei era on May 1, government officials said.
At their meeting, Abe and Pence agreed that full implementation of U.N. Security Council resolutions against North Korea is necessary for the full denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula.
RCEP would create an economic zone in which half of the world's population and 30 pct of the world's total trade and gross domestic product would be achieved if a conclusion is realized.
He urged the country, which maintains import restrictions on Japanese foods, to scrap and ease the restrictions as soon as possible.
Eight livestock-rearing facilities are located in the area, where a total of some 8,500 pork and wild boars are kept, the sources said.
Among other things, the figures for Chugoku and Shikoku rose 5.9 pct to 64.7, and those for Chubu rose 4.0 pct to 76.0.
The president and the captain are suspected of failing to conduct work to confirm the total weight of the aircraft before takeoffs, in violation of rules set by the Civil Aviation Act and other laws, and flying over the aircraft's weight, the sources said.
On the law for promoting women's participation in the workplace, the ministry will aim to expand the scope to 101 or more companies in drawing up an action plan that is currently mandatory for companies with 301 or more employees.
In October, Japan's trade balance with China was in the red for 406.2 billion yen, up 52.1 pct, marking the seventh straight month of deficit, reflecting growth in imports of clothing and mobile phones.
In its proposal in May, the LDP had called on the government to consider including in the guidelines the acquisition of the ability to attack enemy bases, which are necessary for attacking ballistic missiles and other arms that target Japan.
At a board meeting on Thursday, Nissan will submit a written proposal to quit the posts of chairman and representative director of the suspects.
Noting that digitalization of the Russian economy and industries is a new priority for the future, he expressed hopes for Japan's high-tech industries to expand investment and promote technical cooperation with Russia.
The recommendations also called on the government to target low-income households and child-rearing and other households for the planned premium-based gift coupons.
According to the sources, the Japanese side proposed leaving things related to Rengo's future to private companies because it is a story between private companies, and no objection was raised from the Buddhist side.
The team, led by Prof. Nintendo and Prof. Nintendo, will inject some two million nerve progenitors that have been changed from iPS cells into the damaged sites of four patients who had two or four weeks of injury to their spines.
Abe welcomed the country's recent lifting of a ban on imports of rice grown in Niigata Prefecture, central Japan, soon after the severe accident at TEPCO's Fukushima No. 1 nuclear plant in northeastern Japan in the wake of the tsunami in March 2011.
Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga told a press conference, "We hope the work will be conducted after fully ensuring safety and giving the utmost consideration to the natural and living environment."
16 was chosen as a dish using Pak Kyi, and 17 as a dish using chicken breast meat.
In goods trade, Japan logged a trade deficit of 321.7 billion yen, the first deficit in two months, with growth in imports outpacing growth in exports.
In July-December, the Chinese court sentenced a man in Aichi Prefecture, central Japan, to 12 years in prison, a man in Kanagawa Prefecture, west of Tokyo, to five years in prison, and a woman in Tokyo, to six years in prison.
In October, orders from manufacturers rose 12.3 pct, marked by strong demand from oil and coal product makers and automakers.
According to the elementary school, children had to evacuate a total of 693 times from the schoolyard in the past year, and five times during physical education classes.
The company's president also expressed a willingness to integrate the division that makes the Mitsubishi Regional Jet, the first Japanese-made small passenger jet, and the division that makes the main wing for Boeing aircraft.
Of the total, 60 F-35A aircraft will be air force-specific, while the rest will be Marine Corps-specific F-35B.
The number of club members will increase by 4,500 to 9,000, and that of support staff to help teachers prepare for classes will increase by 600 to 3,600.
Asked about the content of assistance with multiple answers, a majority cited "welfare and nursing care," followed by "culture, art and sports promotion," "child and youth development, and child-rearing support."
After announcing the start of PGS's clinical research in February 2017, the ministry plans to continue the study.
Meanwhile, Finance Minister Aso and Health, Labor and Welfare Minister Takumi Nemoto agreed that the central government will pay the full amount for the first half year of the proposed financial resources for the free early childhood education and childcare program to start in October 2019 and that the central and local governments will pay a half of the total for the next half year in principle.
For construction costs for Shinkansen trains, JR companies will first use loan fees paid for facility use, with the remaining two-thirds to be paid by the state and the rest by local governments.
Tamaki told reporters, "Municipalities are responsible for the implementation of prefectural referendums."
At the Japan-U.S. summit, Reagan expressed his intention to partially lift trade sanctions on Japan, which have already been lifted eight days later.
There are also concerns about the impact of the Japanese government's decision to effectively exclude Chinese communications equipment products from contracts, market sources said.
The Japanese economy was supported by brisk exports thanks to the expansion of overseas economies and the yen's weakness, which helped the economy expand for a long time, leading to higher stock prices and an increase in employment.
The ministry will develop online Japanese-language teaching materials worth 100 million yen for foreigners living on remote islands and other places where face-to-face Japanese classes are difficult to use.
In the suit, Bombardier claims that a Mitsubishi Heavy subsidiary adopted a former employee of the company and illicitly used confidential information related to passenger aircraft certification for the development of the small jet, the Mitsubishi Regional Jet.
Following the Oct. 30 ruling, South Korea's Supreme Court has received a series of rulings ordering Japanese companies to compensate for their wartime labor.
In response measures, medical institutions were urged to use telephone interpreters and core facilities were requested to have specialized medical interpreters.
Japanese manufacturers have maintained a technical advantage in battery businesses for electric vehicles and other products, but competition with South Korean and Chinese makers has intensified in recent years.
Human Holdings operates more than 1,300 classrooms in Japan, making it one of the largest robotic classes in Japan to teach more than 22,000 children.
Supervising organizations are required to have trainees learn Japanese and daily life for two months in principle, although the cooperative had them work at companies despite the course period.
After the acquisition, NEC intends to combine KMC's administrative TSUU services with its in-house bioauthentication and artificial intelligence and AI technologies, the sources said.
Meanwhile, a total of 90 pct of respondents said the Japan-U.S. security treaty is "extremely important" or "to some extent important" for U.S. security, up 3 points.
The survey was conducted by a U.S. research company over the phone in March this year.
"If there are such places, I would like to speak in court," Dignignignignignon said, according to the defense.
Meanwhile, major tobacco companies have been focusing on sales of heated tobacco products in recent years.
The prefectural government has set up a statue of Rufi within the prefectural capital's premises, with some 1,500 fans visiting the unveiling ceremony in November 2018.
Kazuo Shii, chairman of the Japanese Communist Party, expressed his resolve to put an end to moves to change the constitution, saying, "Abe, who has been downplaying the constitution, is not qualified to change it."
"Exchange confidential records with each other can depend on the course of the talks in order to firmly deepen talks with South Korea," Iwaya said at a press conference.
Abe has visited the Netherlands since March 2014 and Britain since April 2017.
The U.S. Coast Guard and the U.S. Navy are also investigating the accident.
The Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry plans to lower the purchase price to around 8.50 yen in fiscal 22 in order to curb an increase in purchase costs stemming from the increased use of renewable energy.
Noting that six Japanese start-ups backed by the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry are participating in the CES, Seko said, "We hope to increase the number of such Japanese companies by continuing our support."
Even in industrial activities, which appear to be less affected by the disaster, shipments of lithium-ion batteries to the United States and production and shipments of production machinery were down.
The number of bankruptcies fell in seven of the 10 industries.
The Infiniti Q502.2 d was sold in South Korea in 2014 and the Qashqai in 1516.
In the middle of the Meiji era, however, medical schools were closed one after another due to financial difficulties, and the samples may have been donated to schools in the region, according to Kikinchi.
In December, oil and coal product prices rose 4.7 pct, a smaller increase than the previous month's rise of 14.2 pct.
The existing law sets the airspace where drones are banned from flying and flight regulations, but there is no provision that requires drone operators to report on the matter in case of accidents, separately from police investigations.
Over drones, the government's panel of experts is discussing new rules for strengthening safety measures, such as making it mandatory to conduct checks before flights and prohibiting flights in the event of drinking.
Meanwhile, 28.9 pct of respondents who said they want to work even after the age of 66 said they want to live an economic life and 24.9 pct said they do not think they cannot spend enough without continuing to work, exceeding half of the economic reasons.
By gender, the job offer rate stood at 87.5 pct for male students, up 2.3 points, and 88.5 pct for female students, up 1.5 points.
The job offer rate rose 2.0 pct to 87.7 pct for students majoring in liberal arts and 1.8 pct to 89.0 pct for students in science.
At their meeting in Argentina in December, the two leaders agreed to start negotiations under a new framework headed by Taro Kono and Sergei Lavrov.
At their previous meeting, Abe and Putin instructed officials to make full-fledged progress in the joint work to start joint economic activities on the four northern Japan islands.
A meeting of the two leaders, with only interpreters, was also held between a small meeting and a working dinner.
If Japan makes a similar flight repeatedly, "we will respond strongly in accordance with our response action rules," the operation chief said.
Of them, 368 cases were caused by product glitches, and 209 of them were products subject to recalls.
Regarding his responsibility, Nintendo Presidents only said, "It is the biggest responsibility to strengthen legal compliance."
Meanwhile, Niwa did not clarify whether the government will comply with the 2.5-percentage-point cap although it will "set a cap" for fiscal 20 and later.
Data distribution is allowed freely in the United States in principle. Japan requires personal consent in principle for the transfer of personal information data.
Those eligible for the relocation support will be people who live in the Tokyo metropolitan area, including the three prefectures of Saitama, Chiba and Kanagawa, which are next to the capital, for over five years, commuting within the densely populated Tokyo 23 wards and moving to areas other than the capital.
Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga told a press conference the same day that Chief Cabinet Secretary Sadatsuka was present at the hearing on the matter and that he plans not to have ministry officials present at the upcoming new hearing.
White goods purchased using the country's home electronics eco-point program, implemented in 0911, will shortly reach a replacement period.
The agency sets catch limits in each of the 47 prefectures based on past catches and other data.
South Korea's action is "extremely problematic," Japanese Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga told a press conference that Japan has been "implementing all the promised measures" in the Japan-South Korea agreement, adding, "We will continue to strongly urge the South Korean side to implement them steadily."
In the revised measures, the ministry focused on providing information and strengthening measures to guide foreign visitors, including visitors to Japan, to evacuate smoothly in the event of earthquakes during the 20-year Tokyo Olympics and Paralympics.
The ministry estimates that strong earthquakes of lower 6 to upper 7 on the Japanese seismic intensity scale covering wide areas from the Kanto eastern region to the Kyushu southwestern region.
Karatsu, Saga Pref., Feb. 2 (Jiji Press)--A nuclear disaster drill was held near the Genkai nuclear power plant in Saga Prefecture, southwestern Japan, on Saturday, the first time such a drill has been conducted since the No. 3 and No. 4 reactors were reactivated last year.
The Emperor and the new Emperor are not involved in the selection process for the new gengo.
Aiming to lure families, the exhibition hall will focus on exhibitions and events for children.
Nintendo was held by Kurdish local government authorities in Iraq for about five months in 2010 by armed forces in Afghanistan.
"If the system leads to a reduction in the work and an improvement in labor shortages," said Nintendo at the Aquaculture and Seedling Center in Japan, adding that the university will aim to automate the selection work itself in the future.
Under the local tax law revision, local governments will have to limit returned goods to "local products with procurement amounts of 30 pct or less of donations."
Prices rose for 409 of the 744 items surveyed and fell for 266.
In clinical research and clinical trial and clinical trial using iPS cells, a team led by a government-affiliated organization, Riken, conducted the world's first transplant for people with intractable diseases in 2014.
The global auto industry is accelerating production of electric vehicles thanks to tighter environmental regulations.
The next-generation model of the vehicle model, currently produced in Britain, will be produced mainly in North America.
In Iwate, he said that support staff for civil engineering and other professional positions will continue to be needed, but that it is becoming difficult to secure such personnel from other local governments at a time when large-scale disasters are taking place across the country.
Tokyo, Feb. 21 (Jiji Press)--The total amount of damage from special scams, such as "furikome" remittance scams, in Japan in 2018 fell 9.6 pct from a year before to 35.68 billion yen, down for the fourth consecutive year, a National Police Agency tally showed Thursday.
The sample partial replacement method tends to result in higher wages than the total replacement.
Those who pass the exam will be able to visit government agencies except on July 17, when the final interview test will be conducted, and on Aug. 2.
Ministries and agencies will examine examinees who have visited by the time they announce their final pass, and issue job offers from Aug. 21, the day after the announcement of their final pass.
Still, Tamaki will inform the prime minister and the U.S. president of the results of the vote based on prefectural referendum ordinances.
The rise reflected a 3.1 pct rise in road freight transportation fees and a 2.9 pct rise in worker dispatch service fees, reflecting labor shortages.
As an exception, the FSA already has a mechanism under which banks conditionally own 5 pct of the struggling firms' shareholdings for corporate management reconstruction.
But there are concerns that the environment may deteriorate due to waste liquid from the cleaning process, as a sanitary environment is not secured.
As of the end of last March, there were 723 three kinds of sections and 2,726 four kinds of sections across the country.
In addition, the industrial machinery shipment index was down 4.0 pct at 99.2 due chiefly to falling shipments of transportation and production machinery, the ministry said.
Among the crimes, violations of the law to prevent prostitution and violations of the law to ban child prostitution and pornography stood out, according to the data.
"For the peace of the Korean Peninsula, we will also strengthen cooperation with Japan," Wen said in a speech in the English edition of Jiji Press.
The donations course will involve University of Tokyo Prof. Nintendo, who will study extremely accurate "optical balance watches," and others who will also study exceeding the limits of the communications capacities of fiber optics networks.
Nintendo Defendants are also accused of violating the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act, allegedly underreporting rewards, as well as special breach of trust, allegedly causing damage to Nissan.
At the plant, Nissan is considering reducing the production lines for the Qashqai sport-utility vehicle and the Leaf electric vehicle to two-shift instead of three-shift, Sky News said.
Last month, the company retracted part of its production plan at the plant in order to transfer production to Japan.
In its structural reforms released in November 2017, Mizuho FG said it intends to reduce the number of employees by 19,000 by fiscal 2026 and some 500 business bases in the group to some 400 by fiscal 2024.
The company is also considering halting its three other domestic and overseas plants for a few weeks or so.
Suntory may change the advisability of the price hike and the size of the hike, depending on the region, Nintenchi Nintenchi, president of the company, said.
The number of bankruptcies fell six of the 10 industries surveyed, including retailers and manufacturers.
Nissan started a full-fledged internal investigation in June in response to a whistle-blowing by Dignignignignignignignon over the alleged wrongdoings, the sources said.
A little more than 25 pct of respondents "know well" and "know to some extent" about cyberinsurance recognition.
In a survey conducted by the Internal Affairs and Communications Ministry's Fire and Disaster Management Agency last year, some 30 pct of the 332 fire headquarters across Japan that stipulate how to respond when people are asked to suspend their resuscitations said they will stop under certain conditions.
At a meeting of the Lower House Financial and Financial Affairs Committee on Tuesday, Finance Minister Taro Aso cited retaliatory measures such as an addition of tariffs, a suspension of remittances and a suspension of visa inspections and issuance of visas.
Orders from manufacturers fell 1.9 pct, down for the third straight month, reflecting weak demand at electric machinery makers and information and communications machinery makers.
Referring to the corporate culture, which puts priority on delivery dates, and the management's lack of quality compliance awareness, Kobe Steel's "criminal responsibility is heavy," the judge concluded, noting that it was a "habitual crime."
Subaru Kogyo will withdraw from its movie business and focus on road repair and cleaning operations.
At a press conference, Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga said he plans to make efforts to promote the use of the My Number cards.
The Egyptian military is continuing its minesweeping operations while cooperating with the Israeli military.
Since around April, the ministry plans to carry out the first nationwide survey on the entry of foreign children to school, asking local governments to cooperate in the survey.
After Abe deliver his "national representative resignation," Emperor Akihito will deliver his final words.
Chief Cabinet Secretary Osamu Fujimura said, "While resolutely condemning the despicable terror attacks, we are determined to work closely with New Zealand, Australia and the international community to fight terrorism decisively."
Of the four remaining outlets, two decided to switch to pepper lunch restaurants.
The makers are believed to be scholars of Japanese literature, Chinese literature, Japanese history and History of the East.
While the government is considering a plan to drive some 77,000 bags into soft ground, the government estimates that ground improvement work will take three years and eight months.
The survey was conducted by the Health, Labor and Welfare Ministry on all 8,417 hospitals across the country, with 3,980 of them giving responses, up 47.3 pct.
The proposals will be reflected in an integrated innovation strategy to be compiled around June and an AI strategy to be drawn up by summer.
The proceeds will be mainly used for procuring materials for U.S. Apple Inc.'s "iPhone iPhone iPhone," a key Japan Display customer, and producing the latest model.
The DI represents the percentage of companies that said business conditions are "good" minus that of those that said business conditions are "bad."
On March 14 this year, the government asked scholars specializing in Japanese and Chinese literature, History of Japan and History of the East to devise new gengo.
The operator of the Yodobashi Camera store plans to buy all outstanding shares in the target company, including those held by Advantech Partners, an investment fund that currently owns ICI Ishii Sports.
Three of the seven indicators that can currently be used from the previous month improved, including "durable consumer goods shipments."
"We will confirm close cooperation for the success of the G-20 Osaka summit and further strengthen cooperative ties with other countries," Abe said.
According to the team, an image of a black hole inside a ring of glowing gas was obtained in the center of the M87 after some two years of analysis work on data obtained with technology enough to identify golf balls placed on the surface of the moon from Earth.
The company bought a cruise to be used by the families of the suspects. Apparently in the questioning, it was asked to explain how the funds were flowing and how the cruise purchase happened, according to the sources.
The leasing company, Orix Corp., said last week that it has started a new business to support business succession.
The onshore pictogram was designed to have one leg of a player at the time of the start with a artificial leg, while the racing pictogram was also designed to show a player with an impairment in one arm.
An official of the agency said, "Package such as LED bulbs show which types of lighting equipment can be attached with each other."
Sharp expects demand from design firms and other firms as it can clearly display even detailed letters and drawing when it launches the three Big Pad models, the sources said.
The monthly amount of 7,000 yen to 13,000 yen in the trial ruling for each plaintiffs was reduced to 4,500 yen to 9,000 yen.
Also this summer, the company will offer an app that allows general users to read posted works, while the app will also allow well-known authors' works, such as Kinda Shinjo, to be read as electronic books, according to the company.
In a supplementary resolution to the law, a one-time special law for Emperor Akihito's resignation, it stipulates that "the government should promptly consider the matter and report the results to the Diet after the enactment of the law on April 30 this year, when Emperor Akihito will abdicate."
In December last year, the central government agencies had offered not to procure equipment with unauthorized functions, apparently bearing in mind China's Huawei Technology Huawei and Zhong Kong Tongtong ZTE.
"Japan and the United States will further strengthen their alliance by strengthening bilateral cooperation, including in new areas," Kono said.
"Demand was strong in the manufacturing and construction industries, but we were unable to meet such demand," Tetsuren said.
For many years, Japanese companies have adopted planned new university graduates as candidates for senior management positions in the future and unified the recruitment schedule under the initiative of Keidanren.
The network holds an international conference once a year to train female politicians and strengthen ties between politicians.
"We've come to see various obstacles to further expanding exports," Suga said.
The crater is estimated to be 10 meters in diameter, JAXA said, adding that it is the world's first time that it has succeeded in creating an artificial crater on an asteroid.
Of the three, the first ceremony was "Taireishoden no Gi," a ceremony to abdicate Emperor Akihito, and such a ceremony is the first in the history of the constitution.
On Wednesday, Crown Prince Naruhito, 59, will take over the status of the Emperor, whose constitution stipulates that he is "a symbol of Japan and a symbol of the unity of the Japanese people."
"If Nippon Steel's assets become unfairly sold, it would be unacceptable, and the Japanese government sees the situation even more serious," he said.
Companies with many female board members tend to be more profitable than those that do not.
Among the 12 host cities, the organizing committee has already held briefings in the cities of Sapporo, Hokkaido and Oita, where many foreigners are expected to visit.
"It is important to resolve issues through political dialogue, such as U.S.-North Korea dialogue," Wang said, not referring to the intended launch and other issues.
On future responses to improve the proportion of midsize employees in the workforce, 62.5 pct of responding companies said they will be "active" and 20.4 pct said they will "work with some human resources."
For the year ending this year to March 20, Mos Food expects its net profit to recover to one billion yen.
On the surface of the gold coin, Hoso and Seiun, which symbolize Emperor Akihito, and Kogoza, a copper coin, were served in October in a ceremony for Emperor Naruhito's accession to the throne.
At the outset of the meeting, Valentina Matomenko, president of the Russian Federation Council's Senate, read on behalf of President Vladimir Putin's message stressing, "Relations between regions are very important also in relations between the two countries."
Tokyo, May 14 (Jiji Press)--Japanese Foreign Minister Taro Kono told a press conference Tuesday that he will consider response measures as Iran, which is at odds with the United States, is scrambling the Strait of Hormuz in the Persian Gulf.
Watami plans to start by training personnel who work at its own stores to help foreigners acquire new resident status and to train personnel who work at other companies.
"Peace and stability in the Middle East is important for the global economy and the global situation, and an area of vital importance for our country, which depends on energy," Abe said.
Asahi Breweries Ltd. launched its "Kyokuto Kirare Mirai" beer in January this year, raising its sales target to four million cases in April from three million a year, thanks to brisk sales.
Since an increase in tax revenue due to the economic recovery alone cannot increase spending, it is necessary to use the JAEA's extra income, such as retained earnings, the sources said.
In the job market for new graduates, the number of job offers far exceeded that of job-seeking people.
Of the total job-securing rate for large graduates, 97.3 pct were for boys, down 0.2 point, and 97.8 pct for girls, down 0.8 point.
Capital investment was also down 0.3 pct as companies increasingly refrained from investing amid little prospect for external demand.
The 1965 pact stipulates that if a "dispute" between Japan and South Korea cannot be resolved in bilateral talks, the resolution be left to an arbitration committee comprising three members--a panel appointed respectively by the two countries and a third-party panel.
For exports to China, exports dropped 6.3 pct to 1,023.9 billion yen, down for the second straight month and sharply reducing exports of semiconductor-manufacturing equipment.
During the severe accident, at least 99 cases were caused by the wrong use of a stove and others, of which 92 cases occurred at a stove that is not equipped with a cooking oil heating prevention device or a cancellation safety device.
By category, shipments of "transport and postal services" and "civil engineering and other services" increased 1.2 pct and 1.1 pct, respectively.
Under the revised law, vehicles will also be required to record how they are operating and install devices to keep the records in order to detect system glitches early and determine the causes of accidents.
If the FCA joins the three-company coalition, the integrated body will become the world's largest auto group with global sales of over 15 million units.
So far, the company has been working on the introduction of solar power generation facilities at some plants in Gunma and the introduction of electricity from renewable energy sources at Utsunomiya Plant, which manufactures aircraft.
Insurance covers checks using the system for some cancer patients, such as those who finish "standard treatment," which is widely accepted as effective in surgery and radiation treatment.
Shiseido will strengthen sales of its own middle-priced products through a broad sales network with 15,000 outlets, mainly in China and other parts of Asia.
It has been pointed out that the disciplinary rights allowed within the limits necessary for children's education and supervision have been exploited to justify parental abuse of children amid a spate of child abuse cases.
Three of the five areas in the park are set to open in autumn 22 and the remaining two in about a year.
The Osaka prefectural police department kept the purchase prices of police officers and staff at relatively low prices by purchasing a large number of models with reduced functions.
The United Nations estimates that the world's population of people aged 60 or over will reach 2 billion in 2050, or 20 pct of the total population.
The company will operate the entire line between Shin-Sugita and Kanazawa Yakkei every 10 minutes, about 35 pct less than usual.
Municipalities hoping to participate in the initiative will set up a forum with the central government and private companies to draw up plans that will feature deregulation measures necessary to realize the concept and apply to the central government after gaining the consent of local residents, according to the bill.
Meanwhile, the number of bankruptcies rose by nine to 224 in the service sector, mainly in the restaurant and restaurant sector, where labor shortages are serious, and by three to 24 in the transport sector.
Nissin will partly replace petrochemical-derived plastic with plant-derived ones, aiming to raise the proportion of renewable resources it uses for Cup Noodles containers to 81 pct from the previous 71 pct.
Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga told a press conference on Wednesday, "The Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency, or JAXA, plans to carry out a demonstration study by putting sensors manufactured by the Defense Ministry on advanced optical satellites to be launched in fiscal 2020."
On the relationship between Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe's visit to Iran and the attacks, Suga only said, "The visit was meaningful from the viewpoint of easing tensions in the region as the Iranian side highly values it."
According to the survey, 50.1 pct said they have asked people who think five days of mandatory paid holidays are enough to choose by multiple answers.
Of those who said they were single because they did not meet appropriate people, 61.4 pct said they "did nothing in particular" about actions to look for a partner.
The measures included considering preferential treatment for transfer procedures for technical intern trainees who will shift to the new Specified Technical No. 1 if they are to work at the same companies as before.
Exports of semiconductor and other production equipment were down 30.4 pct on the back of falling demand from China, South Korea and other countries.
The arrest of Nintendo suspect is suspected of providing a total of some 69 million yen to the customer side in July 2016 and January this year to cover losses incurred in foreign exchange margin trading for eight customers of the company.
"If the purposes of Nazca's ground paintings become clear by the identification and comparison of birds offered to the Emperor in a religious ceremony and birds drawn on earthenware used in daily life," Nintendo said impulsively.
The Grand Empress of Michiko arrived at the hospital around 1:30 a.m. on Sunday at 10:30 a.m. on Greenwich Standard Time and left the hospital around 4:30 p.m.
The measures also included the active use of online research in order to reduce administrative burdens and improve the proportion of respondents responding to questions.
Early Friday morning, the Imperial couple visited Warsaw, Warsaw, and the country's Old City and Old Royal Palace, respectively.
In a press document released by the Japanese government after the Japan-Russia summit, the statement only said, "We welcome the two countries' continued negotiations vigorously under the resolve to accelerate peace treaty talks based on the 1956 Japan-Soviet joint declaration."
The smartphone was originally scheduled to be released in late May, but the company had suspended it, saying it could be affected by the U.S. government's sanctions on Huawei.
Users will first use the smartphone's dedicated app to take photos of their skin and measure their skin fat and water content.
As of the end of 2018, 376 of the country's 728 fire headquarters had already introduced a special version of VoiceTra, which can support 15 languages, including English, Chinese and Korean.
Meanwhile, the domestic stock market was slow to recover, with the GPIF losing 2,073.2 billion yen in investment in Japanese stocks, the first deficit in three years.
According to the Japanese Foreign Ministry, there are continuing cases in which people who entered Russia from Vladivostok and tried to leave Moscow for a third country are fined for attempting to illegally leave the country.
At Self-Operated GS, employees will be allowed to refuel after confirming whether their customers are ready in their offices, which will allow them to leave their offices and do other work if the permission can be removed from tablet computers.
The system will be able to respond to changes in office placement and sales floor allocations even after construction.
It asked Internet service providers to voluntarily block connections to piracy sites.
In addition to reprimanding officials concerned, the metropolitan government will also consider demanding compensation from them.
Tokyo, July 18 (Jiji Press)--Japan's Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry sources said Thursday that the ministry plans to sell aircraft parts made by Japanese companies to the company for electric airplanes envisioned by U.S. aircraft giant Boeing Co.
The statement said, "Our government can discuss with the Japanese side reasonable measures that can win the sympathy of the people of the two countries and the victims, including measures to resolve the issues in a peaceful manner that have already been presented."
The rise in the average annual salary "appears to reflect rushing pay hikes and improvements in treatment" to secure personnel, it said.
In addition to weapons of mass destruction in a third country, South Korea has strictly implemented export controls that prevent diversion to conventional weapons, it said in a written opinion.
The Japanese Defense Ministry said, "No ballistic missile has been seen flying to our country's territory or exclusive economic zone, or EEZ, and no situation has been confirmed at this point that would immediately affect our country's security."
At a gathering of reports after the latest ruling, the 71-point chief of the plaintiffs criticized the ruling.
"It's very important for Japan and South Korea to work together on issues that must be linked," Suga said.
Through the business tie-up, JTEKT will promote research and development with the aim of creating businesses in new fields by combining its manufacturing technology with AI-related deep learning technology with Connectem Design.
Specifically, the proposals said they expect Chinese and South Korean researchers to no longer make groundless claims by showing their claims on the Japanese side.
Production at manufacturing industries is forecast to rise 2.7 pct in July and 0.6 pct in August, the ministry said.
Kuroda suggested that the central bank in Europe and the United States may take a "precautionary easing" step as it is stepping up its easing stance.
The WCPFC has 26 member countries and regions, of which 10 are members.
A U.S. Department of State official said, "We need to be thoughtful so that tensions do not hurt Japan-South Korea ties in economic and security terms," calling on the two Asian allies to respond calmly.
North Korea fired short-range ballistic missiles on July 25 and flying fish bodies into the Sea of Japan as early as Wednesday and Friday.
The Cultural Affairs Agency has adopted some 78 million yen in subsidies for international art shows, including a special exhibition, but none.
In the reporting month, the ministry returned the method to a full-fledged survey for the first time in about 15 and a half years from this time for large companies in Tokyo that were subject to the extraction survey.
"The cross embodies the calamity of the war and the sufferings that war poses," Nintendo said.
In another scene of his meeting with Abe, Esper criticized China for increasing its influence across the Asian region, saying, "It is leading to regional instability: military action, predatory economic action threatens international rules."
An investigation report on the falsification issue states that the Kinki Local Finance Bureau strongly opposed the falsification instructions by the ministry's Rizairen bureau.
According to the ministry, at least 20 of the 28 infections surveyed were acquired through wild wild wild boars.
Aircraft using Haneda previously flew over Tokyo Bay, but the new route also passes over central Tokyo areas such as Shibuya, Shinjuku and Shinagawa.
The number of bankruptcies increased in nine of the 10 industries surveyed.
The survey, slated for fiscal 20, will cover a wide range of items related to children, including diet, learning skills and involvement with local communities, in addition to the child poverty rate, according to the sources.
The move comes as the ministry is aiming to create attractive spaces in the city, along with a compact city with housing, commercial facilities and other facilities in central areas, in order to cope with the country's falling population.
In a letter sent to U.S. President Trump, North Korean leader Kim Jong Un offered "a slight apology" for short-range missile launches and indicated his intention to stop them after the U.S.-South Korean military exercises end on Tuesday.
Baba went on to say, "Opposition parties other than the Ishin should respond to discussions at the Constitution Research Commission, which was set up to discuss the revised items."
"It's our mission to live in the current era to revise the constitution in accordance with the times," he said.
This time, a popular "Tapioca Milk Tea" store from Taiwan has opened up a fire in Japan, industry sources said.
In recent years, Germany has emphasized ties with Japan as a partner that shares values, following the rise of China and the deterioration of ties with U.S. President Donald Trump.
Tokyo, Aug. 21 (Jiji Press)--Japan's Ministry of Land, Infrastructure, Transport and Tourism said Wednesday it will allocate 24 of the 50 flights a day equivalent to the increased quota for international flight arrivals and departures at Haneda airport, which will increase from March 2020, for routes between Japan and the United States.
The Aso area, which is popular among South Korean people who enjoy golf, usually has an increase in the number of golf customers in winter.
Specifically, the service will make it possible to check the behavior of elderly people in their rooms with the smartphones of nursing care providers and make it more efficient to check whether they are safe at night and other times.
Unofficial sites are sometimes shown as ads on top of Internet search results, and in some cases, consumers access them by mistake them for official sites, according to the center.
Tokyo, Aug. 28 (Jiji Press)--Japan's Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare said Wednesday that the number of staff with disabled people was below the required level at 17 of 44 institutions as of June 1 this year.
Sudan, which has been suspended for the African Union, or AU, is only allowed to attend related meetings, with 53 African countries participating in the plenary session of the international conference.
The proportion of all Recruit HD shares held by companies other than individual investors and institutional investors stood at over 30 pct as of the end of June.
The president said he plans to more than double the budget for these areas from the current levels in order to strengthen the competitiveness of such fields as materials and parts, for which Japan has strengthened export controls.
Still, according to the survey conducted as of June last year, only 116 of the country's 728 fire headquarters had introduced the use of drones, while 72 had actually used them.
In order to avoid mistransmission of the data, users will be required to upgrade the data to a dedicated system, instead of sending them by mail to the court, according to the sources.
The insurance business law bans policymakers from telling important matters, such as insurance premiums and compensation details, or transferring contracts without reporting facts that are disfavorable.
In 2018, Toyota produced some 129,000 units at the plant, accounting for 8.5 pct of all automobiles it produces in Britain this year.
"I came to buy a TV set to be put on a living room before the tax hike," Kindo Doshisha, 28, a company employee in the city of Osaka who came with a family member, said.
"We would like to refrain from giving a prejudgment answer" on the impact of the latest tariffs' moves on the Japanese and global economies, Suga said.
MaaS Global currently operates in Finland, Belgium and Britain, aiming to offer services in Japan as well.
Five of the seven component indicators improved on the back of solid automobile-related shipments and production.
The agency calls for "refraining from using to consult with local medical institutions if you suffer from diarrhea or other health problems after using Keto Genne for health foods."
The idea of increasing out-of-pocket payments of medical expenses under the health insurance system for elderly people to 20 pct from the current 10 pct is under consideration for a hike in out-of-pocket payments by users of nursing care services.
The remarks about Japan's death penalty system are closely watched as His Holiness is against the death penalty system.
The average price was up 19.5 pct at 64.05 million yen, fueled by the launch of relatively priced condominiums in the densely populated Tokyo 23 wards, including the player's village condo.
The U.S. government of U.S. President Donald Trump decided last year to tighten its screenings for foreign investors due to a sense of caution over China, which is rapidly emerging in the information technology and other fields.
In August this year, the Japanese government added 20 industries, such as integrated circuits, mobile phones and software, for the sectors subject to the law, which require foreign capital to file prior notices.
"Our stores focus on consultation operations," Nintendo said, expressing a negative view on store cuts.
In Chiba Prefecture, a total of six people were in need of hospitalization for three weeks or more, 201 in need of short-term hospitalization, and 289 in serious cases.
In the logistics industry, Yamato Holdings has already installed over 4,000 delivery boxes and Japan Post Co. over 300.
The bereaved families started signing activities on the streets and on the blog to demand the indictment and harsh punishments of Signsignsignpost suspects, saying that the harsh punishments for perpetrators lead to the prevention of a recurrence.
At present, the starting salary is 133,500 yen per month for candidates for SDF officers with term of office and 169,900 yen for general soda candidates for life-time jobs in principle, both lower than the 171,200 yen set for police officers employed by central government agencies.
Meanwhile, the number of "targeted e-mail attacks," in which people send virus-tainted e-mails to and from companies and other important information, jumped 4.2 pct to 2,687 cases in the first half of this year.
The ministry releases the results of exports and imports in the previous month as a preliminary report in mid-every month, and then announces the detailed export records for each product name and other information in addition.
Still, Nintendo said, "Many people who shop at major supermarkets every day are unsure whether to go all the way to small and midsize supermarkets."
There were no overcharges for passengers who used regular tickets or paid in cash.
Under the policy, the government will also work on strengthening the production bases for the target products, supporting companies promoting their overseas expansion, and boosting the competitiveness of domestic industries.
Abe instructed relevant government officials to make all-out efforts to collect and analyze information on the latest missile launch, including providing the public with quick and accurate information and ensuring the safety of aircraft, ships and other equipment.
The consumer confidence index for September was the biggest decline since February 2016, when the index dropped 1.9 pct due to a stock market slump.
