At the RCEP, Japan confirmed its policy of focusing on negotiations so that a ministerial meeting will be held in Tokyo on July 1 and a summit can be held in Singapore in late November for conclusion.
Fukushima, July 29 (Jiji Press)--J-Village, a national soccer center facility that has been used for more than seven years as a response base for the March 2011 nuclear accident, and some facilities in Fukushima Prefecture have resumed normal operations.
Evacuation advisories and orders have been issued to many residents in the city of Hiroshima and other areas hit by heavy rain since the beginning of this month.
In the peace declaration, the outline will call for the devastation of the atomic bombing and the inhumanity of nuclear weapons, while at the same time calling on nuclear states and others to establish security that does not depend on nuclear weapons.
The smoking rate for men fell 0.4 point to 27.8 pct, and that for women dropped 0.3 point to 8.7 pct, both hitting a record low.
The MSDF plans to launch another Aegis ship also in 2019, while the Haijian Aegis ship will be eight in 21.
Berlin, July 29 (Jiji Press)--An 18-year-old individual came second in the men's junior category from Japan at the Barna International Balena International Ballet Competition, regarded as one of the world's three major ballet contests.
On the Korean Peninsula situation, the ministers have expressed their "welcome" to the North-South summit in April and the U.S.-North Korea summit in June, calling for continuing efforts to realize denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula.
Before seasonal adjustment for the number of new job openings by industry, the month-on-month ratio rose 4.0 pct for construction, 3.8 pct for medical and welfare services and 3.5 pct for manufacturing, including automakers.
Meanwhile, information and communications dropped 11.2 pct and accommodation and restaurant services were down 3.2 pct.
The shipment index stood at minus 101.3, down 0.2 pct, due chiefly to a drop in shipments of petroleum and coal products during routine inspections at oil refineries.
While the negative interest rate policy, under which minus 0.1 pct is applied to current account deposits held by financial institutions with the BOJ, will be kept unchanged, the BOJ will reduce the scope of those subject to the negative rate to around 5 trillion yen from the current level of around 10 trillion yen.
Tokyo, July 31 (Jiji Press)--Prosecutors have conducted voluntary hearings of some 10 senior ministry officials in a corruption case involving a senior Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology official, Jiji Press learned Tuesday.
According to informed sources, Nobichi is also believed to have summoned several other senior education ministry officials, including a former sports agency official, to Nobichi.
There have been proposals to use plutonium held by TEPCO Holdings, which is difficult to restart nuclear plants due to suspended operations, at nuclear plants of other companies.
Of them, 2,059 companies gave responses to domestic investment and 867 to overseas investment.
At a press conference on Wednesday, Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga said, "The government will accelerate preparations for the ceremony in line with the Imperial succession and make preparations so that the ceremony will be held without any trouble."
The gap between lending and deposit rates in Japan shrank at four of the five companies, excluding Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Holdings.
Tokyo, Aug. 2 (Jiji Press)--Damage from special frauds in Japan in the first half of this year, or June, including furikome scams, fell 1.3 pct from a year before to 1.33 billion yen, down 7.1 pct, to 17.49 billion yen, down for the fourth straight year, a National Police Agency preliminary report showed Thursday.
The National Police Agency pointed out that the overall number has been decreasing due to a sharp decrease in refund fraud, but that "Just Oore" fraud has been on the increase and that the situation remains extremely serious.
Toshiba said there is no change in its previous estimate as the company has yet to include the refunds in its earnings projections for the full fiscal year ending in March 2019.
Singapore, Aug. 2 (Jiji Press)--Japanese Foreign Minister Taro Kono and his South Korean counterpart, Kokeiwa, on Thursday confirmed close cooperation among Japan, South Korea and three other countries for denuclearizing North Korea.
While Kono expressed concern about the situation in the South China Sea, where China is making its military base, Wang showed the view that the situation is heading for a stable direction.
Imatsushima, Miyagi, Aug. 2 (Jiji Press)--Prime Minister Shinzo Abe indicated Thursday that the government will finish moving to public housing by fiscal 2020 for victims of the March 2011 disaster who live in temporary homes in Iwate and Miyagi prefectures.
In June alone, Japan logged a trade deficit of 3.4 pct, down 5.3 billion dollars, shrinking for the third straight month.
Singapore, Aug. 3 (Jiji Press)--Japanese Foreign Minister Taro Kono held a short conversation with his North Korean counterpart, Lee Yong, in Singapore on Friday night.
The judge rejected the defense's claim that the third-party DNA type detected in the pressure-sensitive hearing on the girl's body was the real culprit, judging that it might be mixed in the fingerprint-detection work.
Of those who did not evacuate, more than 80 pct said they did not feel the urgent need to evacuate or that they thought their homes were all right.
Some members pointed out that large-scale JGB purchases by the BOJ "are becoming visible in various ways" in terms of liquidity and side effects on the functions of the JGB market.
After obtaining information on the records, the ministry sent officials to Mongolia in June to confirm that the records exist.
While records of criminal trials are kept by the District Public Prosecutors Office, which is in charge of the first trial, for up to 100 years, records other than rulings are often disposed of after the storage period.
Toshichiro, Hokkaido, Aug. 4 (Jiji Press)--Japanese Emperor Akihito and Empress Michiko, who are on a three-day visit to Hokkaido from Friday, made their first visit to Toshiri, an island close to Japan, on Saturday.
Representing the organizer, Hokkaido Governor Harumi Takahashi said, "We take pride in the variety of values and attractiveness that our predecessors have honed for a long time, and we will pass down the irreparable Furusato, Hokkaido, to generations 50 years ahead and 100 years ahead."
Singapore, Aug. 5 (Jiji Press)--Japanese Foreign Minister Taro Kono and his Singaporean counterpart, Biblian Barakrishnan, agreed Sunday to strengthen Japan's ties with the Association of Southeast Asian Nations.
An 83-year-old member of the Korean Hibakusha Council, Hiroshima Prefecture, western Japan, pointed to the aging of atomic bomb survivors who returned to North Korea after the war.
Of the company's 128 nationwide, 123 had been overcharged, according to the ministry.
Some atomic bomb survivors said they could tell their grandchildren what they could not tell.
According to the prefectural disaster response headquarters, some 1.52 million people in Hiroshima were issued evacuation advisories, but some 6,000 were actually evacuated.
The surface of the gold coin is draped by the Emperor Akihito and the Emperor Michiko and Empress Michiko, respectively, while the surface of the coin features the design of the rest used in the 1959 Imperial Couple's kindergarten parade.
There is a front on the north side of the Typhoon No. 13, and the Japan Meteorological Agency called for Kanto-Koshin and the Pacific side in northeastern Japan to keep a close watch on heavy rain, storms and high waves before typhoon access.
The Japan Meteorological Agency's special investigators said they want residents in areas that may be affected to evacuate early in accordance with relevant local municipalities' evacuation advisories.
Of the seven indicators that can be compared with the previous month, four deteriorated.
Tokyo, Aug. 7 (Jiji Press)--The Ministry of Finance revised up its economic assessment for Hokkaido in a quarterly regional economic report Tuesday, while the Chugoku region hit by heavy rain in July stopped short of making a decision.
Talks on issues related to the deployment, such as environmental conservation and compensation in the event of an accident, have been suspended since the February accident in Kanzaki, Saga Prefecture, southwestern Japan, in which Rikugo's helicopter crashed.
Wind speeds of 25 meters or higher were within 70 kilometers of the center of the typhoon, and of 15 meters or higher were within 560 kilometers east of the center and within 280 kilometers west.
The Japanese insurer will also form a sales alliance with the Suncorp group, aiming to expand its Australian operations by utilizing the group's sales network.
The application for screening the suitability of a nuclear plant under construction to new regulatory standards is the second of its kind after December 2014, when Electric Power Development Co., J-Power Company, called for screening the Oma plant and the town of Oma in Aomori Prefecture, northern Japan.
"As Lawson is nationwide, we want to contribute to regional economies together with regional financial institutions," he said.
Questions in the survey include the number of applicants by gender and by age in the past six years, as well as the number of successful applicants.
The fish wholesaler thus cooperates with the transport company to store the frozen tuna in a truck with a powerful chiller until shortly before 4:30 a.m., when the place of sale will be open.
At the 2016 summit, Japan and Russia designated 18 years as the year for exchanges between Japan and Russia.
Revenue from lotteries is a valuable financial resource for local governments, but it tends to decrease, with revenue falling to 299.6 billion yen in fiscal 2017 from 439.8 billion yen in fiscal 2015.
In fiscal 2016, 60.3 pct of schools that were handling school meals on their own and 39.7 pct of those handled by local governments, according to the education ministry's taken-up survey.
The envisaged special council of the ruling Liberal Democratic Party will urge the government to secure the budget for the issues outside the scope of the regular science, technology and university budget.
Two years after JX Holdings and TonenGeneral Oil integrated their management to create JXG, Idemitsu and Showa Shell were also integrated in April 2019, leading the industry to a three-strong era.
Sao Paulo, Aug. 14 (Jiji Press)--Japanese Foreign Minister Taro Kono and his Peruvian counterpart, Nestra Popolicio, agreed Tuesday to urge the dictatorial regime of President Nicolas Madro of Lead Trade to democratize.
Abe, in the name of Shinzo Abe, also president of the ruling Liberal Democratic Party, paid a tamagushi fee as a representative of Masahiko Shibayama, special aide to the party's president, after visiting the Shinto shrine on behalf of the party.
On May 29, 2015, an explosive eruption occurred on Mount Shindake, forcing all residents to evacuate outside the islands after the agency raised the alert level for eruptions, which needs immediate evacuation, to 5.
The agency had lowered its alert level for eruptions to Level 2 in June 2016 from 5 to 3 for entry into the mountain and to Level 2 in April this year, because no eruption took place last after a small-scale eruption on June 19, 2015.
Meanwhile, the number of visitors to Japan from China rose 12.6 pct to 879,100, while that from Taiwan rose 3.1 pct to 469,500 and that from the United States rose 13.4 pct to 146,700.
According to the ministry, the prefectural government's Air Force for Disaster Management conveyed the helicopter's flight plan to the ministry at 8:53 a.m., which fell just before Friday's flight.
In addition, the prefectural government's Air Force for Disaster Management was found to have contacted the ministry's Tokyo airport office around 11:19 a.m. on Friday, even though the helicopter had not arrived at the heliport in Maebashi.
One expert reported that the DNA type of the Japanese was five among the 110 bone remains identified and that of the Filipino was 54.
Tokyo, Aug. 17 (Jiji Press)--The Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology said Friday that Japanese high school students won three gold medals and one silver at the 12th International Geology Olympics in Thailand that opened this month.
The ministry will increase the number of immigration officers and immigration officers to strictly assess the employment situation of foreigners and how to deal with illegal stay in Japan.
The meeting will include a G-20 summit of the Group of 20 countries and regions slated to be held in Osaka in June.
The face pictures are taken by a camera installed at an unmanned gate and are checked by automatically checking them with those of a passport with an IC chip or a travel ticket.
"We must promote cooperation in order to further increase the number of parties," he said, adding that he will step up efforts to increase the number of parties.
Of the 18 areas in the RCEP negotiations, 16 countries, including China, have already agreed on four areas, including government procurement, customs procedures and trade facilitation.
The use of nursing care robots, which support excrement and walking, is expected to substantially reduce the physical burden on nursing care staff and help ease labor shortages in the nursing care industry.
Later in the day, Suga cited issues such as promoting the distribution of used handsets and removing SIM locks that make handsets sold by mobile carriers available on lines of other companies.
In 2017, the total number of foreign guests in the six northeastern Japan prefectures stood at some 950,000, up some 90 pct from 10 years, but only 1.3 pct of all guests in the country.
The ministry is considering requesting 5,935.1 billion yen for the government's budget estimate for fiscal 2019, up 11.8 pct from the previous year.
Japan and the United States are fully consistent in their policy of realizing the complete denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula, Abe said.
The South American country eased the restrictions substantially in December 2012, while it kept imposing restrictions on Fukushima products, such as obliging them to submit production area certificates and certificates for checks on radioactive substances.
The four companies plan to negotiate such issues as the construction of domestic nuclear plants, the joint decommissioning work and the establishment of a new company to manage nuclear plant maintenance, sources familiar with the matter said.
The agency announced high-temperature warning information to Hokuriku and other coastal areas of the Sea of Japan, calling for heatstroke care.
Among the five companies, manufacturers of automobile parts may have continued falsification since around 1977 at the latest.
While evacuation orders were issued for some areas of the city of Katano, Osaka Prefecture, western Japan, many municipalities in western Japan, including the city of Marugame, Kagawa Prefecture, western Japan, were given evacuation orders.
Fukui, Aug. 25 (Jiji Press)--The government on Saturday conducted a comprehensive disaster drill based on the assumption that both the Oi and Takahama reactors at Kansai Electric had serious accidents in Fukui Prefecture, central Japan.
The experimental vehicle, equipped with a ZUMP-developed automated driving system in its minivan, will automatically carry out steering, axel and brake operations.
After the ruling, the victim's daughter, 49, told reporters, "I believe the ruling is light compared with the weight of my mother's life, and the law does not suit the times."
In 2017, the number of newly found cases of AIDS decreased by 35 to 976, while that of new patients who had already developed AIDS fell by 24 to 413.
The falsification was found at 27 of the 33 central government agencies surveyed, or more than 80 pct.
Tokyo, Aug. 28 (Jiji Press)--The Fire and Disaster Management Agency of Japan's Internal Affairs and Communications Ministry plans to strengthen safety measures for antidisaster helicopters held by local governments in the wake of a recent fatal accident involving such helicopters, Jiji Press learned Tuesday.
The document noted that Chinese President Xi Jinping has said his country will accelerate the development of intelligence militarization, deter war and win war.
Tokyo, Aug. 29 (Jiji Press)--The Cabinet Office plans to extend the system under which companies that have donated to local governments working on regional revitalization receive tax benefits, sources familiar with the plan told Jiji Press Wednesday.
The ministry will also aim to obtain one jet and one survey plane in order to strengthen its system for maritime surveillance and marine surveys.
Japan needs to determine the defense capabilities that are really necessary for the country, instead of considering the issue as an extension of its conventional policy, he stressed.
At a parliamentary meeting the same day, some companies and organizations that attended the event ordered the Japanese government to closely cooperate with U.S. aviation authorities in light of the planned establishment of air regulations for flying vehicles in the United States.
"Japan-U.S. relations have never been stronger," Abe, who has been selling his strong ties with Trump, also stressed in his campaign for the leadership race of the ruling Liberal Democratic Party in September.
Of the total, 24.7 billion yen will be paid to the G-20 summit of the Group of 20 countries and regions in Osaka in June and 1.2 billion yen to the Seventh Tokyo International Conference on African Development, or TICAD VII, in Kanagawa in August.
Thanks in part to a drop in the supply of private-sector apartments, the number of rented apartments fell 1.4 pct to 35,847, the 14th straight month of decline.
About 110 free school operators across Japan and nonprofit organizations joined by related groups have introduced on their Web sites information on organizations that offer shelters and offer free telephone consultations during this period for two years.
The fishermen's side insists dolphin fishing is traditional and cultural in Japan, but the current fishing is not traditional because ships and fishing equipment have been evolutionary as in the past, the organizer insisted.
Bombers capable of carrying the missile were seen passing through airspace between the main island of Okinawa and the island of Miyakojima last year to advance to waters off the Ki Peninsula or passing through the Tsushima Strait.
Spending growth was heavy for information and communications machinery, including semiconductors, chemical products and transport machinery makers.
Recurring profits at manufacturers rose 27.5 pct to 10,476.6 billion yen, thanks to growth at information and communications machinery makers and production machinery makers.
Combined sales at all companies covered by the survey rose 5.1 pct to 344,0614.9 billion yen, supported by growing sales of electronic parts for automobiles and industrial machinery, and brisk vehicle exports to Asia, the federation said.
Meanwhile, the end of the rainy season in the Kanto eastern Japan region, including Tokyo, was confirmed around June 29, the earliest since that year.
At a press conference on Tuesday, the chief cabinet secretary also said, "It is important for companies, universities and other parties concerned to discuss students while giving due consideration to them," indicating that the government will carefully watch the course of discussions.
This is "an emergency," Matsui told a news conference, adding that if the functions of the airport decline, it may be necessary to supplement the outlet functions from abroad.
To gather information, the government set up a public office response office at the crisis management center at the official residence.
Meanwhile, total requests for fiscal investment and loan programs, or "zaito," are falling 12.9 pct to 12,0597.3 billion yen, the lowest level for the past 20 years, as demand for investment and loan programs has been on a downtrend thanks to the economic recovery.
Meanwhile, Language One Tokyo Co., which undertakes such operations as telephone interpretation, has started offering free interpretation services via phone calls compatible with 12 languages, including English and Korean.
The infectious disease, known as swine fever, occurs in pork and boars.
Eating infected pork will not cause infection to people.
Operations were resumed for only one of the three row of production lines at the plant, including one for making canned beer and other products.
The prime minister also said he plans to raise the consumption tax rate from 8 pct to 10 pct in October next year as scheduled.
If the price hikes are passed on to retail prices, the increase in household thin flour will be around 3.8 yen per kilogram, the ministry said.
Nearly 46 pct of the DOWNJ, which serves as a handle for another rescue dog, recall that earth and sand covered the house and that it had been difficult for the rescue dog to cling to human presence.
The Ministry of Finance said the negative effects of the July heavy rain in western Japan are seen in some areas of China and the Shikoku region but that the impact on the overall Japanese economy will be limited: "The latest survey reflects the trend of the overall economy, where the economy is recovering moderately," a Finance Ministry official said.
Applicants, who are born on or before April 1, 2002, can choose up to three areas from nine fields--guidance, sports, mobile support, atendo, operational support, healthcare, technology, the media and ceremonies.
In the event of a series of earthquakes in Kumamoto in 2016, the Web site introduced a system that allows municipalities that are not affected to take the place of those affected by the disaster, such as those that accept donations and issue certificates for receiving applications, in order to reduce burdens on affected municipalities.
Meanwhile, prices of electric and transportation equipment fell 0.4 pct each.
Some 60 pct of the 414 cases involved violations of the law, such as not passing across across across across a road while in areas near a across the road.
The Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry will aim to lower the purchase price from companies worth 18 yen per kilowatt-hour in fiscal 2018 to 8.5 yen in fiscal 224 and that from households to 11 yen in fiscal 2527 from 26 yen.
Rebutting that his policy is not the confrontational structure of regional to Tokyo economies, Abe said, "Prices of agricultural produce produced in rural areas will also be raised if Tokyo's economy becomes better."
The research that won the prize itself did not produce fruit, but Kindai Nintendo told Jiji Press before the award ceremony, "This research became the starting point of my own research, which sought to reduce the death toll from cancer of the large population."
The U.S. special representative vowed the same day that he will use all he can for the return home of Japanese victims, at a meeting with just about every director-general of the Families of Abductees.
Tokyo, Sept. 14 (Jiji Press)--The public approval rate for the cabinet of Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe rose 3.2 percentage points from the previous month to 41.7 pct, topping the disapproval line for the first time in seven months, a Jiji Press opinion poll showed Friday.
Mitsubishi Heavy plans to use part of some 120 billion yen to resolve the debt excess in fiscal 2018, particularly through such measures as debt shareholdings, the sources said.
The ministry also said the number of people aged 70 or older came to 26.18 million, accounting for 20.7 pct of the total population.
The rating increase came after the ministry decided to use the U.S. government's chargeable military aid, or FMS, for 27 billion yen per plane to acquire the E2D, an early warning aircraft with increased discovery capabilities, in order to strengthen Air Self's surveillance capacity in the southwestern Japan islands.
Before the Typhoon No. 21 disaster, the number of international flights operated by Kansai International Airport totaled some 170 per day, down to around 70 at present.
Exports rose 5.3 pct to 1,0245.9 billion yen, led by growth in medical supplies, construction and mining machinery, while imports rose 21.5 pct to 790.1 billion yen, also a record high for August, thanks to growth in aircraft purchases.
The Fisco group will also consider acquiring a majority stake in Tech Bureau and sending a majority of its directors.
The Hayabusa-2 dropped the Minerva-2-1 survey robot on the north side of the equator on the asteroid at around 1:6 p.m., or 4:06 a.m. in Greenidge Standard Time, when it reached Urusunda, some 55 meters above the air.
Harix, Canada, Sept. 20 (Jiji Press)--The environment, ocean and energy ministers of the G-7 plus seven industrialized countries agreed Thursday to promote the recycling of plastic waste and develop disposal technologies as part of efforts to reduce emissions of marine plastic waste.
Steel used mainly as an iron ore rose 0.5 pct to 6,813,000 tons, while that used scrap iron rose 2.2 pct to 1,992,000 tons.
By type, H-steel, used in large buildings and other buildings, rose 1.3 pct, and small-sized bar steel, such as those for residential use, rose 1.2 pct.
While Trump has been hinting at the launch of additional tariffs on imported vehicles and parts, Abe hopes to avoid the U.S. president's exercise of additional tariffs by highlighting the importance of free trade based on international rules, according to the sources.
The DI subtracts the proportion of companies seeing business conditions as bad from that of those seeing them as good.
The Defense Ministry has set a budget for research and development on glider munitions for fiscal 2018, or 13.8 billion yen in related spending for the next fiscal from April, the sources said.
Newspaper and magazine ads also grew 9.7 pct and 4.3 pct, respectively.
The average premium rate also rose to a record high of 9.167 pct, thanks to premium hikes by 204 labor unions.
Demand for transportation of auto parts, electronic parts and other items between the two regions has been increasing substantially in recent years, the sources said.
The Tokai No. 2 will expire on Nov. 27 for a 40-year operational period, which will be kept unchanged for the extension of the operational period, requiring separate series of approvals by the Nuclear Regulation Authority, including a construction plan that states detailed designs for equipment and facilities.
In a statement, the minister replied that individual management decisions were made under the responsibility of TEPCO's management and that support for TEPCO would not cause major obstacles to compensation payments and decommissioning work to residents and companies affected by the nuclear crisis, according to the sources.
According to Nissan, its mainstay Oppama plant in Yokosuka, Kanagawa Prefecture, south of Tokyo, and four other plants in Japan are believed to have either rewritten emissions data or treated invalid data as valid data.
The agency has recommended people who have never been infected with rubella and those who have not been vaccinated.
While Rouhani asked for cooperation in continuing the nuclear agreement, Abe stressed that it is important to continue implementing the agreement.
The international cargo volume fell 10 pct to 168,510 tons, while the average jet fuel refueling dropped 2 pct to 373,805 kiloliters.
The EU agreed to start talks on tariff cuts for industrial products, excluding automobiles, instead of escaping automobile tariffs.
Referring to a recent survey by the Japan Health Insurance Federation, or Keidanren, that is easy to use, Noto showed that some elderly people are also calling for raising the proportion of elderly out-of-pocket payments.
On Japan's relations with the pro-Pyongyang General Association of Korean Residents in Japan, or Chongryon, the presiding judge pointed out that there is a reasonable suspicion that Chongryon schools have been intervened by Chongryon over the limit and that they have been ruled in a way that distorts the initiative of education.
Speaking at a press conference, Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga told Trump at the meeting, "It is important to strengthen the country's defense capabilities to continue introducing high-performance equipment, including U.S. equipment, to meet the tough security environment," according to Japanese Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga.
The increase apparently reflected an increase in the number of foreign residents in Japan, such as studying abroad and finding jobs in the country.
The maximum instantaneous wind speed of 56.2 meters, the sharpest ever at the center, was observed in Nanjo, Okinawa Prefecture, between 10 a.m. and 1 p.m. on Greenidge Standard Time.
The company, which is in business reconstruction, plans to adopt in April 2019 1,500 people, or a little more than 1.7-fold of the 18 spring figure, the same level as the company's April 2015 recruitment before its accounting fraud came to light.
The government is arranging in the direction of compiling a two-stage supplementary budget, in which the first revision will center on restoration from recent natural disasters, such as a massive earthquake in Hokkaido, northernmost Japan, last month, while the second revision will center on disaster-related projects.
In August, the Japanese automaker had dissolved a capital alliance with Toyota to seek a new partner.
The proposed lump-sum payments will also be paid to those who have agreed to infertility surgeries and those who have taken other types of surgeries, such as autopsy.
Nemuro, Hokkaido, Oct. 5 (Jiji Press)--A government-private joint research team on Japan-Russia joint economic activities on the disputed four Northern Japan islands returned to Nemuro port in Hokkaido on Friday after local activities.
Toshiyuki Matsumori, director of the Japan Meteorological Agency's earthquake and tsunami monitoring division, said that earthquake activities in the area will continue for the time being.
Some 50 pct of those who run farming in the Tomizato district of the town of Atsuma, where four people were killed in the landslides, put their hands together at the time, at 39 pct for those who died in the disaster.
The IOC last month asked the Tokyo organizing committee to move up the starting time for the sport, the officials said, adding that the boat federation has an intention to want to finish the sport in the morning in order to protect players from the hot summer.
"The trend is that the world is trying to reduce slaughter," he said, adding that "the municipal government's plan is that slaughter is inevitable."
The company saw its operating revenue grow only slightly, thanks to the closure of unprofitable stores, but its net profit soared 35.8 pct to 30.3 billion yen, helped by gains from the sale of a Hong Kong supermarket subsidiary.
Although Japan ranked top in the February survey, along with Singapore, Japan rose to the top spot in the latest rankings as Myanmar exempted from visas for Japanese tourists earlier this month.
Uny Famima aims to diversify its management resources into its core convenience store operations by separating its slumping supermarket operations.
Tokyo, Oct. 11 (Jiji Press)--Some 90 pct of 380 municipalities that are asked by the Ministry of Internal Affairs and Communications to review their "furusato nozei," a system to donate to local governments, plan to review their products as requested, a Jiji Press survey found Thursday.
According to a business plan submitted to the Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries Ministry in August by the metropolitan government, the amount of seafood handled in the Toyosu market in fiscal 2023 is estimated at 616,400 tons, up 60 pct from that handled in the Tsukiji market in fiscal 2017.
The survey also showed that 56.8 pct of people who have pet decided to go to evacuation centers without fail, while 10 pct said they do not go to evacuation centers because they are with their pet.
The G-20 faces trade friction among its members, but differences of opinion should be resolved directly by members related to the friction, he said.
In order to prevent excessive refunds, the Ministry of Internal Affairs and Communications has issued notices to local governments, such as one calling for limiting the prices of repaid items to 30 pct or less of the amount of donations.
Aeon and Fuji will work on joint product procurement, as well as private brand products to be sold in the Shikoku and Chugoku regions, where Fuji is based.
Besides Ehime, Fuji operates a total of more than 90 general supermarkets and food supermarkets in the three Shikoku prefectures of Kagawa, Kochi and Tokushima, and the two Chugoku prefectures of Hiroshima and Yamaguchi.
The final ruling found the guilty based solely on confessions by Kinoshita during the investigation stage, although both Kumamoto District Court and Fukuoka High Court denied the credibility of the confessions in the retrial request trial.
In Taki Chemical, a researcher who was studying mushrooms at the university had started research about six years ago on fully artificial cultivation of Bahamatsubtake.
On the reason for the introduction decision, the ministry explained that it is necessary to introduce a missile that can be dealt with safely by Self-Defense Forces personnel from outside the threat zone of the other side.
The project to release crested ibises started in 2008, with a total of 308 released so far in Japan.
As for the trading method, three types will be tested, including the auction method, in which the price of a buy order meets that of a sell order.
A total of 110 tunnels inspected by the three companies in fiscal 16 and fiscal 17 were not checked by fiber-scope at all of them, according to the Board of Inspection.
The 727.5-billion-yen costs include disposal of disaster waste, financing support for affected small businesses and restoration support for the Kansai International Airport Liaison Bridge damaged by a tanker swept through a large typhoon.
Of them, 21 have confirmed damage, 11 have found it difficult to investigate, and 14 are under investigation.
He is expected to present a specific negotiation purpose with Japan 30 days before the start of the negotiations.
The system glitch occurred on Oct. 9 on one of the four lines connecting the TSE's trading system and the brokerage house.
The government will thus ask cardholders and settlement service firms to lower their fees during the period.
He played for the Olympics for the fourth consecutive time since the 2004 Olympic Games in Indonesia.
The government hopes to finish the examination of the subcommittee by the end of the week on a draft of the revised law, while aiming to submit it to the Diet, Japan's parliament, by the end of next week after completing the legal establishment procedures within the LDP and its coalition partner, New Komeito.
The total number of customers visiting stores fell 2.6 pct to 1,343.28 million, down for the first time in two months, but purchases per customer rose 6.3 pct to 623 yen, reflecting the demand.
The report said that large-scale monetary easing has eased financial institutions' lending attitudes, increasing lending chiefly at companies with relatively low creditworthiness.
Legislation aimed at realizing the initiative was enacted in September 2012, but TOCOM and the ministries of economic industries, agriculture, forestry and fisheries, and the ministry have been reluctant to implement the plan.
The blackouts in Hokkaido, northernmost Japan, were caused chiefly by the suspension of all three reactors at Hokkaido Electric's Tomato Koshin thermal power plant, which had covered about half of electricity in Hokkaido until the Sept. 6 earthquake, after the disaster, as well as a halt to hydroelectric power plants due to power transmission line damage.
Meanwhile, prices continued rising for civil engineering, building and job placement services on the back of labor shortages.
Of the 538 plants across Japan that conducted the survey, six in the manufacturing sector were found to have developed cancer in a total of eight people.
The test delivery will be carried out at about 9 kilometers between a post office in the city of Minamisoma and a post office in the town of Namie.
Anako made similar services at the Imperial Reien Hall, which honors the spirits of past Emperor and Imperial family members, and at the Hall, which honors the Gospel all over the country.
The Japanese side will continue to urge China to ease the embargo, aiming to realize easing by Chinese President Xi Jinping's visit to Japan expected to take place next year.
The Imperial couple attended the event almost every time since the first one held in Oita Prefecture, southwestern Japan, in 1981.
The Trump administration has complained that Japan has tariffs and nontariff barriers in the areas of automobiles, agriculture and services, and fierce debate is expected to be swamped on both sides over these areas, observers said.
Hitachi and SBI will use the huge amounts of settlement data to provide management advice to customers and various new services, such as those to prevent fraudulent settlements, the sources said.
Some 47,000 troops from the Self-Defense Forces and 9,500 from the U.S. military will take part in such drills as ballistic missile defense and remote island defense.
Under current international taxation rules, the government cannot, in principle, tax foreign companies without such headquarters as factories and branches within its jurisdiction.
An interim report compiled in March by the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development, or OECD, on the digital levy called for a review of the taxable principles.
After Abe offered a congratulatory address, the Crown Prince stood in a toyday and said, "Help each other and build a happy, bright family."
Of the four components of the index, those for living conditions deteriorated for the second straight month, while those for income growth and the employment environment deteriorated, respectively.
Meanwhile, KDDI, which is strengthening its operations in areas other than core, such as settlement services and Internet mail-order sales, will use Rakuten's logistics base to streamline its distribution and delivery operations.
Similar contact accidents involving air self-defense planes included a case in which two F-15 fighter jets belonging to the Chitose base in Hokkaido, northernmost Japan, came into contact in 2005 during combat training.
Aiming to strengthen cooperation with related organizations, a total of 142 municipalities took part, more than the 59 in the previous survey.
This will be the first time for Japan to collect supplies from the ISS, although such collection has been limited to the United States and Russia so far.
The government plans to take steps to ensure that the three major mobile phone carriers and mobile distributors properly display their ads.
In a joint press conference after the meeting, Abe explained that the two sides agreed that full implementation of U.N. Security Council resolutions on North Korea is necessary for the complete denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula.
The large-scale consecutive holidays are aimed at raising the mood of public celebrities for the Crown Prince's accession to the throne and also reducing the impact on people's lives due to the ongoing reshuffle from the current Hesei era, which will take place on May 1, government officials said.
At the meeting, Abe and Pence agreed that full implementation of U.N. Security Council resolutions against North Korea is necessary for the complete denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula.
If a conclusion is realized, the RCEP would be an economic zone that accounts for half of the world's population and 30 pct of the world's overall value of trade and gross domestic product.
He urged countries that maintain import restrictions on Japanese food to remove and ease the restrictions as soon as possible.
Eight livestock-raising facilities are located in the area, where a total of some 8,500 pork and boars are kept, according to the ministry.
Among other things, the figure for Chugoku and Shikoku rose 5.9 points to 64.7 pct, while that for Chubu rose 4.0 points to 76.0 pct.
According to the sources, the president and the captain, who is almost alone, are suspected of neglecting work to check the total weight of the aircraft before takeoff and flying the aircraft while exceeding the weight.
On the law for promoting women's empowerment, the ministry will aim to expand the scope to include more than 101 companies in drawing up action plans that are currently mandatory for companies with 301 or more employees.
In October, Japan's trade balance with China rose 52.1 pct to a deficit of 406.2 billion yen, the seventh straight month of red ink, reflecting growth in imports of clothing and mobile phones.
In its May proposal, the LDP had asked the government to consider including in the guidelines the acquisition of the ability to attack enemy bases needed to attack ballistic missiles and other weapons targeting Japan.
At a board meeting on Thursday, Nissan will submit a proposal to leave the post of chairman and representative director of the suspect for as many as possible.
Noting that digitalization of the Russian economy and industries is a new priority issue for the future, he showed hopes for expanding investment by Japanese high-tech industries and promoting technological cooperation with Russia.
The proposals also called on the government to narrow down the scope of the planned premium-bearing product vouchers to low-income households and child-rearing households and others.
The official said that the Japanese side proposed leaving the future of Rengo up to the private sector as it is a matter between private companies and that there were no objections from the French side.
The team, led by a special professor and a special professor, will inject some two million nerve progenitor cells, which have been changed from iPS cells, into the damaged sites of four patients, only 2 to four weeks after their injury to the pacific pacific cord.
Abe welcomed the country's recent lifting of a ban on imports of rice produced in Niigata Prefecture, central Japan, which had been taken by the Chinese government shortly after the March 2011 severe accident at Tokyo Electric Power Co.'s <9501> crippled Fukushima No. 1 nuclear power plant and the Tohoku northeastern region.
Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga told a press conference, "We hope the government will proceed with the work after fully ensuring safety and giving utmost consideration to the natural and residential environment."
The ministry chose a dish made of parakeets in 2016 and a dish made of minced chicken in 2017.
In goods trade, Japan logged a trade deficit of 321.7 billion yen, the first deficit in two months, with growth in imports outpacing growth in exports.
In July-December, the Chinese court sentenced the man in Aichi Prefecture to 12 years in prison, the man in Kanagawa Prefecture, west of Tokyo, to five years in prison, and the woman in Tokyo to six years in prison.
In October, orders from manufacturers rose 12.3 pct, marked by strong demand from petroleum and coal product makers and automakers.
According to the elementary school, a total of 693 times have been evacuated from the schoolyard for children in the past year, or five times during physical education classes, where there is a familiar institution.
The company also hopes to integrate its division, which makes the first Japanese-made small passenger jet and the Mitsubishi Regional Jet, and its unit, which makes the main wing for Boeing Co. aircraft.
Of the total, the Air Force-designed F35A will be 60, while the rest will be the Marine Corps-designed F35B.
The number of club members will increase by 4,500 to 9,000, while that of support staff members helping teachers prepare for school education will increase by 600 to 3,600.
Asked in multiple answers about the content of support, a majority of respondents cited "welfare and nursing care," followed by "promotion of culture, art and sports," and "child-rearing support."
It announced the start of clinical research on PGS in February 2017 and plans to continue clinical research.
Meanwhile, Finance Minister Aso and Health, Labor and Welfare Minister Takumi Nemoto agreed that the central government will fully cover all costs for the first half of the year, which will start in October 2019, and that the central and local governments will, in principle, shoulder the costs by one-half.
For Shinkansen construction costs, JR companies will first use loan fees paid by them for the use of facilities, while the central government will pay the remaining two-thirds, and the local governments will pay the rest.
"Municipalities have the duty to implement prefectural referendums," Tamaki told reporters, adding, "Opportunities for voting should not be lost."
At the Japan-U.S. summit, Reagan showed his intention to partially lift trade sanctions on Japan, apparently eight days later.
There are also concerns about the impact of the Japanese government's decision to effectively remove Chinese communications equipment products from contracts, market sources said.
The Japanese economy, buoyed by growing overseas economies and brisk exports backed by the yen's weakening, helped to realize a prolonged economic expansion, leading to higher stock prices and an increase in jobs.
The ministry will develop online Japanese-language materials worth 100 million yen for foreigners living on remote islands and other places where it is difficult to use face-to-face Japanese-language classes.
In the suit, Bombardier sued a subsidiary of Mitsubishi Heavy for adopting a former employee of the company and misusing classified information related to passenger jet certification for the development of the small jet and the Mitsubishi Regional Jet, while Hirokako Bombardier is seeking damages and an injunction against the use of the information.
Following the Oct. 30 ruling, South Korea's Supreme Court has been ordered to pay compensation to Japanese companies for their wartime labor.
In response measures, the ministry urged medical institutions to use telephone interpreters and asked them to place dedicated medical interpreters at key facilities.
In battery business, such as those for electric vehicles, Japanese makers have often maintained technological superiority, but competition from South Korean and Chinese makers has intensified in recent years.
Human Holdings operates more than 1,300 classrooms in Japan, becoming the largest robot class in Japan to teach more than 22,000 children.
Supervising organizations are required, in principle, to allow trainees to take lessons in Japanese and daily life for two months, although the cooperative had allowed them to work at companies despite the training period.
After the acquisition, NEC will combine its own biologistic and artificial intelligence-based AI technologies with KND's administrative ANZ services.
Meanwhile, 90 pct of respondents said the Japan-U.S. security treaty is "extremely important" or "significant to some extent" for U.S. security, up 3 percentage points.
The survey was conducted by a U.S. research company over the phone in March this year.
According to the defense, as many as possible, the suspect says, "I want to speak in court if there is such a place."
Meanwhile, major tobacco companies have been focusing on sales of heated tobacco products in recent years.
The prefectural government set up a statue of Ruffy within the prefectural government's site, which was visited by some 1,500 fans during an unveiling ceremony in November 2018.
Kazuo Shii, chairman of the Japanese Communist Party, expressed his resolve to make a dent in moves to revise the constitution, saying, "Abe, who has been lavish about the constitution, does not have the right to change it."
"In order to firmly deepen talks with South Korea, it is possible to exchange classified records with each other depending on the course of the talks," Iwaya told a news conference.
Abe has visited the Netherlands since March 2014 and Britain since April 2017.
The U.S. Coast Guard and the U.S. Navy are also investigating the accident.
The Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry plans to lower the purchase price to around 8.50 yen in fiscal 22 in order to curb an increase in purchase costs stemming from the growing use of renewable energy sources.
Noting that six Japanese start-ups backed by the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry are participating in the CES, Seko said, "We hope to increase the number of such Japanese companies by continuing our support."
Industrial activities that appear to be little affected by the disaster also saw declines in shipments of lithium-ion batteries to the United States and production and shipments of production machinery.
The number of bankruptcies fell in seven of the 10 industries.
The Infiniti Q50 2.2 d was sold in South Korea in 2014 and the Qashqai in 15-16.
In the middle of the Meiji era, however, medical schools were scrapped one after another due to financial difficulties, and for most of them, samples may have been donated to schools in the areas, according to Whole.
In December, prices of petroleum and coal products rose 4.7 pct, a smaller increase than the 14.2 pct rise in the previous month.
The existing law sets no-fly airspace for drones and flight regulations, but there is no provision requiring operators to report such drones in case of accidents, separately from police investigations.
Over drones, the government's panel of experts is discussing new rules to reinforce safety measures, such as mandatory checks before flights and a ban on flights when they are drunk.
On the other hand, 28.9 pct said they want to live an economy-friendly life and 24.9 pct said they do not feel they need enough if they continue working, exceeding half of the economic reasons.
By gender, the job offer rate stood at 87.5 pct for male students, up 2.3 points, and 88.5 pct for female students, up 1.5 points.
The job-securing rate stood at 87.7 pct for students majoring in liberal arts, up 2.0 points, and 89.0 pct for science students, up 1.8 points.
During their meeting in Argentina in December, the two leaders agreed to start negotiations under a new framework in which the foreign ministers of Taro Kono and Sergei Lavrov are chief negotiators.
At their previous meeting, Abe and Putin instructed officials to make full-fledged progress in their collaboration for the start of joint economic activities on the four northern islands.
The two leaders also met between a small-group meeting and a working dinner, with only interpreters.
If Japan reiterates similar flights, it will "respond vigorously in line with its rules for response action," the operations chief said.
Of them, 368 were caused by product glitches, and 209 of them were products subject to the recall.
On his own responsibility, the company's president, Bindi Bindi, said, "It is the biggest responsibility to promote legal compliance."
Meanwhile, Watanabe stopped short of saying whether he will abide by the 2.5 pct cap although he will "set the upper limit" for fiscal 20 and later.
Data distribution is allowed freely in principle in the United States, while in Japan, personal consent is required in principle for the transfer of personal information.
Those eligible for the relocation support will be those who live in the latest five years or more, including the Tokyo metropolitan area and three neighboring prefectures--Saitama, Chiba and Kanagawa--and commute to and from within Tokyo's densely populated 23 wards to move outside the metropolitan area.
Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga told a press conference the same day that Chief Cabinet Secretary Sadatsuka was present at the hearing in question and that he will not allow ministry officials to be present at new hearings in the future.
White goods bought using the country's home electronics eco-point program, implemented in 0911, will soon have a replacement period.
The catch cap in each of the 47 prefectures has been set based on the results of past catches and other factors.
Japanese Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga said at a press conference that South Korea's action is "extremely problematic," noting that Japan has been "implementing all the measures pledged" in the Japan-South Korea agreement, adding, "We will continue to urge the South Korean side to steadily implement them."
In the revised measures, the ministry put a high priority on providing information and reinforcing evacuation guidance measures so that foreign visitors, including visitors to Japan, can evacuate smoothly in the event of an earthquake during the 20-year Tokyo Olympics and Paralympics.
The ministry estimated that strong shakes of lower 6 on the Japanese seismic intensity scale to 7 on the maximum intensity scale of 7 occur in wide areas from the Kanto eastern region to the Kyushu southwestern region.
Tianjin, Saga Pref., Feb. 2 (Jiji Press)--A nuclear disaster drill was held Saturday near the Genkai nuclear power plant in Saga Prefecture, southwestern Japan, the first such drill since the No. 3 and No. 4 reactors were reactivated last year.
The Emperor and the new Emperor are not involved in the selection process for the new gengo.
In an attempt to lure families, the exhibition hall will put emphasis on display and events for children.
Bindi Bindi was detained in Afghanistan in 2010 for about five months by armed forces and held by Kurdish local government authorities in Iraq as early as 16 years.
"If the system leads to a reduction in work and an improvement in labor shortages," said Gengo at the Aquaculture and Seedling Center for Aquaculture in Japan, adding that the university will aim to automate the work itself in the future.
Under the revised local tax law, local governments will have to limit referendums to "local products with procurement of 30 pct or less of donations."
Prices rose for 409 of the 744 surveyed items and fell for 266.
In clinical research and clinical trials using iPS cells, a team led by the government-affiliated body and Riken conducted the world's first transplant to sufferers of intractable diseases in 2014.
The automobile industry around the world is accelerating production of electric vehicles thanks to tightened environmental regulations.
The next-generation model of the vehicle currently produced in Britain will be produced chiefly in North America.
In Iwate, support staff for civil engineering and other jobs will continue to be needed, but it has become difficult to secure such staff from other local governments amid large-scale disasters across the country, he said.
Tokyo, Feb. 21 (Jiji Press)--The total amount of damage in special fraud, such as furikome scams, in Japan in 2018 fell 9.6 pct from the previous year to 35.68 billion yen, down for the fourth straight year, a National Police Agency tally showed Thursday.
The sample partially reshuffled method tends to pay more than the total reshuffle.
Those passing the test may visit government ministries and agencies except July 17 or Aug. 2, when the final interview test will be conducted.
Ministries and agencies will examine examinees who have visited the country by the time they announce their final pass and will give job offers from Aug. 21, the day after the announcement of their final pass.
Even so, Tamaki will notify the prime minister and the U.S. president of the election results based on an ordinance for prefectural constituencies.
The rise reflected labor shortages, including a 3.1 pct increase in road freight transportation charges and a 2.9 pct increase in labor dispatch service charges.
As an exception, the FSA already has a mechanism that allows banks to conditionally own 5 pct of shares in financially troubled companies for business reconstruction.
But there are concerns that the environment may deteriorate due to waste liquid produced during the cleaning process while the sanitary environment is not secured.
As of the end of March last year, there were 723 three-way train runs across Japan and 2,726 four-way train runs.
In addition, the industrial machinery shipment index fell 4.0 pct to 99.2, due chiefly to falls in shipments of transport and production machinery, the ministry said.
The charges included violations of the anti-prostitution law and violations of the law on child prostitution and pornography, according to the data.
"For peace on the Korean Peninsula, we will also strengthen cooperation with Japan," Moon said in an English-language speech.
Besides a special professor, he will be involved in the donation course as well as research that goes beyond the limit of the communication capacity of fiber-optic networks as part of his research on extremely accurate "optical balance watches."
The defendant is also accused of violating the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act, which is believed to have underdeclared his compensation, and of special breach of trust in the company law, which is believed to have caused damage to Nissan.
At the plant, Nissan is considering reducing production lines for the Qashqai sport-utility vehicle and the Leaf electric vehicle from a three-shift to a two-shift system, according to Sky News.
Last month, the company retracted part of its production plan at the plant to move production to Japan.
In its structural reform announced in November 2017, Mizuho FG showed its intention to reduce the number of its employees by 19,000 by fiscal 26, while cutting the number of its group's some 500 business bases nationwide to some 400 by fiscal 24.
The company is also considering a suspension of some weeks for three more domestic plants and overseas plants.
Suntory may change the advisability of or the size of price hikes depending on the region, the company president said.
The number of bankruptcies fell in six of all 10 industries covered by the survey, including retailers and manufacturers.
According to the sources, Nissan launched a full-fledged internal investigation in June after receiving a whistle-blowing over the alleged misconduct by the defendant, who also provided information to prosecutors.
The combined recognition of cyberinsurance "is familiar" and "is familiar to some extent" came to a little over 25 pct.
In a survey conducted last year by the internal affairs ministry's Fire and Disaster Management Agency, about 30 pct of the 332 fire headquarters across Japan that set response policies for when they were asked to stop the reviving process said they will stop the reviving under certain conditions.
At a meeting of the Lower House Financial and Financial Services Committee on Tuesday, Finance Minister Taro Aso cited retaliatory measures such as the addition of tariffs, a suspension of remittance and a suspension of visa issuance.
Orders from manufacturers fell 1.9 pct, the third straight month of negative figure, reflecting sluggish demand from electric machinery makers and information and communications machinery makers.
It has to be said that the incident was a "habitual crime," referring to the corporate culture of putting priority on due dates and the nature of the company, including a lack of quality compliance awareness among the management, the judge concluded that Kobe Steel's "criminal responsibility is heavy."
Subaru Kogyo will withdraw from the movie business and concentrate on road repair and cleaning operations.
At a press conference, Japanese Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga said the government will try to promote the use of the My Number cards, saying in the event that such cards are not used by the public, "Opportunities to improve convenience and the economy's productivity would be blocked."
The Egyptian military is continuing the minesweeping operations while cooperating with the Israeli military.
From around April, the ministry plans to launch the first nationwide survey of foreign-registered children in school, asking local governments to cooperate in the survey.
Emperor Akihito will be able to give his final words after Abe delivered his "National Representative's Address."
The chief cabinet secretary said, "While resolutely condemning the despicable terror attacks, we are determined to fight terrorism resolutely by working closely with New Zealand, Australia and the international community."
The firm decided to shift to a Pepper lunch restaurant at two of its remaining four outlets.
The contributors appear to be scholars of Japanese literature, Chinese literature, Japanese history and Asian history.
The government is considering a plan to drive some 77,000 cigarettes into the soft ground, but the government estimates that it will take three years and eight months to complete the ground improvement work.
The survey was conducted by the Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare for all 8,417 hospitals across Japan, with 47.3 pct of them responding.
The ministry plans to reflect the proposals in its integrated innovation strategy to be compiled around June and its AI strategy to be compiled by summer.
The fund will chiefly use the proceeds to raise materials for production of the latest model of U.S. Apple Inc.'s iPhone iPhone IPhone iPhone IPhone, a major Japan Display customer, as well as fund payment.
The DI represents the proportion of companies that said business conditions are "good" minus those that said they are "bad."
On March 14 this year, the government asked academics specializing in Japanese literature, Chinese literature, Japanese history and Asian history to devise the Shin Gengo.
The operator of the Yodobashi Camera store will buy all outstanding shares in the target company, including those held by investment fund Advantage Partners, which currently has ICI Ishii Sports under its wing.
Of the seven indicators that can be used from the previous month, three improved, including "durable consumer goods shipments."
Abe said, "We will further strengthen our cooperation with other countries by confirming close cooperation for the success of the G-20 Osaka summit."
According to the team, after some two years of work to analyze data obtained with technologies enough to identify golf ball placed from the earth to the moon, images of black holes inside a ring of a brighter gas were obtained in central M87.
The company bought the cruisers, which are usually used by the suspect's family, apparently after being asked to explain the flows of funds and the course of the purchases, according to informed sources.
The leasing company, Orix, announced last week that it has started a new business to support business succession.
The onshore pictogram has a artificial leg of a player at the start, while the one arm of a swimmer with disabilities was also designed.
An official of the agency said, "What types of lighting equipment can be installed with LED bulbs and others are displayed in the package," adding, "Even if we have already installed them, we want our dealerships and others to check them if they are uneasy about the right combination."
When launching the three big pad models, Sharp expects demand from companies, such as design offices, as it can clearly display even detailed letters and design documents.
The monthly amount of 7,000 yen to 13,000 yen per plaintiff was reduced to 4,500 yen to 9,000 yen.
In addition, the company will offer an app this summer that will allow the public to read posted works, and works by well-known authors, such as those of just about one, can also be read as e-books in the same app, according to the sources.
In a supplementary resolution to the special law for Emperor Akihito's one-time retirement, the law stipulates that stabilizing the Imperial succession "the government will promptly examine the matter and promptly report the outcome to the Diet after the enactment of the law on April 30 this year, when Emperor Akihito leaves the throne."
In December last year, the central ministry has agreed not to procure equipment with unauthorized functions, apparently keeping in mind China's Huawei Technology Huawei and Zhong Xianglong's ZTE Corp. equipment.
"Japan and the United States will further strengthen their alliance by strengthening bilateral cooperation, including in new areas," Kono said.
"Demand was strong in the manufacturing and construction industries but failed to meet such demand," Tetsuren said.
Japanese companies have long adopted new university graduates as candidates for management positions in the future and unified their recruitment schedules under the initiative of Keidanren.
The network holds an international conference once a year to foster women's politicians and strengthen ties between politicians.
"We have come to see various obstacles to expand exports further," Suga said, adding, "We want to remove any obstacles."
The crater, which is estimated to be 10 meters in diameter, is the first in the world to have successfully created a artificial crater on an asteroid, according to JAXA.
Of the three, the first such ceremony was Emperor Akihito's ouster ceremony, known as the Ceremony of the Emperor's Repose, the first in the history of the country's constitution.
On Wednesday, Crown Prince Naruhito, 59, will take over the status of the Emperor, which is stipulated in the constitution as "a symbol of Japan and of the unity of the Japanese people."
"If the assets of Nippon Steel are unfairly sold, it would be totally unacceptable, and the Japanese government is taking this situation even more seriously," he said.
Companies with many female officers tend to be more profitable than those that are not.
Among the 12 host cities, the organizing committee already held briefings in Sapporo, Hokkaido, northernmost Japan, and the city of Oita, where many foreigners are expected to visit.
"It is important to resolve the issue through U.S.-North Korea dialogue and other political dialogue," Door said, not referring to his intention to launch the aircraft.
Looking ahead, 62.5 pct of responding companies said they will be "active" and 20.4 pct said they will "work with some human resources," in order to improve the comfort rate for midsize employees.
For the current year to March 20, Mos Food expects to see its net profit recover to one billion yen, planning to accelerate the company's expansion of outlets in Asia while reducing its number of domestic outlets in Japan, according to the sources.
The surface of the gold coin was used to symbolize Japan's Emperor Akihito and Zuyun, while the surface of the copper coin was used in October to honor the Emperor Naruhito's accession to the throne.
At the outset of the meeting, Vallina Matvienko, president of the Senate of the Russian Federation Council, read on behalf of President Vladimir Putin's message stressing, "Relations between regions are also very important in relations between the two countries."
Tokyo, May 14 (Jiji Press)--Japanese Foreign Minister Taro Kono told a press conference Tuesday that he will consider response measures for Iran, which is at odds with the United States, over the Sea of Hormuz closure in the Persian Gulf in a small way.
Watami plans to start by training workers at its own stores to help foreigners acquire new resident status and to develop workers at other companies.
"Peace and stability in the Middle East is important for the global economy and the global situation, and is a vital and important region for our energy-dependent country," Abe said.
Asahi Breweries Ltd. launched its "Supreme Liquid Taste" in January this year, raising its sales target to four million cases in April from three million cases a year, thanks to brisk sales.
An increase in tax revenue on the back of an economic recovery alone cannot increase spending, and the agency needs to use nontax revenue, such as retained earnings.
In the job market for new graduates, the number of job openings far surpassed that of job seekers.
The proportion of university graduates' job-securing rates fell 0.2 point to 97.3 pct for men and 0.8 point to 97.8 pct for women.
Corporate capital spending was also down 0.3 pct as companies increasingly refrained from making investments amid difficulties in outlooks for external demand.
The 1965 pact stipulates that if a "dispute" between Japan and South Korea cannot be resolved through the two-way talks, the settlement will be left to the arbitration committee, which comprises three members--a member appointed by the two countries and a third-party member.
Exports to China fell 6.3 pct to 1,023.2.9 billion yen, down for the second straight month, while exports of semiconductor production equipment fell sharply.
During a serious accident, at least 99 cases were caused by the wrong use of a stove, including 92 cases involving a stove without a cooking oil heating prevention device or a fallout safety device.
By category, shipments rose 1.2 pct for "transportation and postal services," and rose 1.1 pct for civil engineering and other services.
The revised law will also oblige vehicles to be equipped with devices to record and store vehicle operation conditions in order to discover system glitches early and identify the causes of accidents.
If the FCA joins the three-company coalition, the integrated company will become the world's largest auto group with global sales of over 15 million units.
So far, the company has been working to introduce solar power generation facilities at some plants in Gunma and electricity from renewable energy sources at Utsunomiya, which makes the aircraft.
Insurance is applied to inspections using the system for some cancer patients, such as those ending "standard treatment," whose effects are widely recognized, such as surgery and radiation treatment.
Shiseido will step up sales of its own middle-priced products through a broad sales network with 15,000 stores mainly in China and other Asian countries.
As there have been a series of child abuse cases, the panel pointed out that the disciplinary rights allowed within the scope necessary for children's education and supervision are being exploited for the justice of parental abuse of children.
Three of the park's five areas will be opened in autumn 22 and the other two in about a year.
The Osaka prefectural police department kept the purchase prices of police officers and staff members at relatively low prices by buying large amounts of functionally narrowed models.
The United Nations estimates that the world's population of people aged 60 or older will reach 2 billion in 2050, or 20 pct of the total population.
The company will operate the entire line between Shin-Sugita and Kanazawa-Hakkei at 10 minutes, about 35 pct less than usual.
According to the bill, municipalities hoping to join the initiative will set up a forum with the central government and private companies to draw up plans that include deregulation measures necessary to realize the site and apply to the central government after obtaining the consent of local residents.
Meanwhile, the number of bankruptcies rose by nine to 224 in the service sector, chiefly the restaurant sector, where labor shortages are severe, and by three to 24 in the transport sector.
Nissin will partly replace petrochemical-derived plastic with that from plants, aiming to raise the proportion of renewable resources used in Cup Noodles' containers to 81 pct from the previous level of 71 pct.
Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga told a press conference on Wednesday, "We plan to carry out a demonstration study by putting sensors made by the Defense Ministry on advanced optical satellites that the Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency, or JAXA, plans to launch in fiscal 2020."
On the relationship between Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe's visit to Iran and the attacks, Suga said only, "The visit was meaningful from the viewpoint of easing regional tensions as the Iranian side highly rated it."
Asked by multiple answers to those who think that making five days of paid leave mandatory is enough, 50.1 pct said, "It's enough for the current holidays."
Of those who said they were single because they did not meet with the right person, 61.4 pct said they did not take action to look for the other person "particularly."
The measures included considering preferential treatment for the transfer procedures for technical intern trainees who move to the new Specified Skilled Worker No. 1 level if they work at the same company as before.
Exports of semiconductor and other production equipment were down 30.4 pct amid falling demand from such countries as China and South Korea.
The arrest of the suspect, who is special enough, is suspected of providing a total of some 69 million yen to the customer side in July 2016 and in January this year to cover losses caused by foreign exchange margin trading by eight clients of the company.
An associate professor, who is easy to use, insists, "If the purpose of the ground drawing of the Nazca becomes clear through the identification and comparisons of birds offered to the Emperor in a religious ceremony and those drawn on earthenware used every day."
The Empress Michiko arrived at the hospital around 1:30 a.m. on Sunday at 10:30 a.m. and left the hospital around 4:30 p.m.
The measures included the active use of online research in order to reduce administrative burdens and improve the rate of responses to the survey.
In the early hours of Friday, the prince and his wife inspected the University of Warsaw and the country's former city and former royal palaces, respectively.
In a press document released by the Japanese government after the Japan-Russia summit, the only content was "We welcome the two countries' continued negotiations vigorously under the determination to speed up peace treaty talks based on the 1956 Japan-Soviet joint declaration."
The smartphone, originally scheduled to be launched in late May, had been suspended due to a possible impact from the U.S. government's sanctions on Huawei.
Users will first take images of their skin by using a dedicated smartphone application to measure their skin fat and water levels.
As of the end of 18 years, 376 of the country's 728 fire headquarters had already introduced a special version of VoiceTra, which can be used in 15 languages, including English, Chinese and Korean.
Meanwhile, the domestic stock market showed a slow recovery, with the GPIF posting a deficit of 2,073.2 billion yen in investment in Japanese stocks, the first deficit in three years.
According to the Japanese Foreign Ministry, there are continuing cases in which a person who entered Russia from Vladivostok and tried to leave Moscow for a third country would be fined for attempting to leave the country illegally.
At the Self-Refueling GS, employees will be given permission for refueling after checking whether customers are ready inside their offices, so that they can leave their offices and do other operations if the permission can be issued from tablet computers.
The system can deal with changes in the locations of offices and changes in sales floor space even after construction.
It has asked Internet service providers to voluntarily block connections to pirated sites.
The metropolitan government will take disciplinary action against officials concerned, while also considering making compensation claims to the officials.
Tokyo, July 18 (Jiji Press)--Japanese Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry sources said Thursday that the ministry plans to sell aircraft parts made by Japanese companies to the company for electric flights envisioned by U.S. aircraft giant Boeing.
The statement said, "Our government can discuss with the Japanese side reasonable measures that can win the sympathy of the people and victims of the two countries, including those for the peaceful resolution of the issues that have already been presented."
The average annual salary increase "appears to reflect a rush to raise salaries and improve treatment" in order to secure manpower, the report said.
In its written opinion, South Korea insisted that it strictly implemented export control to prevent its diversion to conventional weapons in addition to weapons of mass destruction in third countries.
The Japanese Defense Ministry said, "No ballistic missile has been confirmed to fly into Japan's territory or the exclusive economic zone EEZ, and no immediately affecting Japan's security has been confirmed so far."
At a reported meeting after the latest ruling, 71 pct, or 71 pct, of the plaintiffs' heads, criticized the ruling.
Suga said, "It is important for Japan and South Korea to be able to work together only on issues that need to be linked."
Through the business alliance, the company will promote research and development with the aim of creating businesses in new areas by combining JTekt's manufacturing technologies with deep planning and deep learning technologies related to AI with connectome designs.
Specifically, the proposals were expected to make groundless claims no longer by showing the Japanese side's claims to researchers in China and South Korea.
Production at manufacturing industries is projected to rise 2.7 pct in July and 0.6 pct in August, the ministry said.
Kuroda indicated the possibility of taking "preventive easing" as European and U.S. central banks are stepping up their easing stance.
The WCPFC is joined by 26 countries and regions, including the 10-member northern subcommittee.
A U.S. Department of State official called on both Asian allies to act in a calm manner, saying, "We need to be thoughtful so that the tensions do not damage Japan-South Korea relations in the economy and security."
North Korea fired short-range ballistic missiles on July 25 and also launched flying observers into the Sea of Japan on Wednesday and Friday.
The Agency for Cultural Affairs, which has adopted some 78 million yen in subsidies, has not been issued to the international art festival, including a special exhibition.
In the reporting month, the ministry returned the method to a full-scale survey of large companies in Tokyo covered by the expansion survey for the first time in about 15 and a half years.
The easy-to-use chair said, "This cross embodies the cruelty of war and the hardships that war would bring."
In a separate scene of his meeting with Abe, Esper criticized China, which is increasing its influence beyond the Asian region, as "destabilizing the region, military action, and predatory economic action threaten international rules."
The investigation report on the falsification problem noted that the Kinki Local Finance Bureau strongly opposed instructions by the ministry's Science and Finance Bureau for falsification.
According to the ministry, at least 20 of the 28 surveyed infections were acquired through wild boars.
Aircraft using Haneda previously flew over Tokyo Bay, but the new route also passes over central Tokyo, including Shibuya, Shinjuku and Shinagawa.
The number of bankruptcies increased in nine of the 10 industries covered by the survey.
The survey, slated for fiscal 20, will include a wide range of items related to children, including diet, study mastery and involvement with local communities, in addition to the child poverty rate, according to the officials.
The move comes as the ministry aims to create an attractive space in the city together with the creation of a compact city that houses, commercial facilities and other facilities in central Japan in a bid to cope with the country's falling population.
In a letter sent to U.S. President Trump, North Korean leader Kim Jong Un expressed his "small apology" for the short-range missile launch and his intention to stop the launch after the U.S.-South Korean military exercise ends on Tuesday.
Baba went on to say, "Opposition parties other than Ishin should respond to discussions at the Constitution Examination Commission, set up to discuss the revised items."
"Revising the constitution in line with the times is our mission to live in the current era," he said.
This time, a popular "Tapioca Milk Tea" store from Taiwan has expanded into Japan, drawing fire to the popularity, according to industry sources.
In recent years, Germany has placed importance on relations with Japan as a partner that shares values, following the rise of China and worsening relations with U.S. President Barack Trump.
Tokyo, Aug. 21 (Jiji Press)--Japan's Land, Infrastructure, Transport and Tourism Ministry said Wednesday that it will allocate 24 of the 50 daily arrivals and departures at Haneda, which will increase from March 2020, to routes between Japan and the United States.
The Aso region, popular among South Koreans who enjoy golf, usually increases the number of golf customers during winter.
Specifically, through the service, the ministry will make it possible to confirm the behavior of elderly people in the room with the smartphone of a caregiver and make it more efficient for them to confirm their safety and other matters during the night.
According to the center, unofficial sites may be viewed as ads in the Internet search results and in some cases consumers access them in confusion with official sites.
Tokyo, Aug. 28 (Jiji Press)--Japan's Health, Labor and Welfare Ministry said Wednesday that the number of staff with disabilities was below the required level at 17 of 44 institutions as of June 1 this year.
Sudan, which is suspended for the African Union, or AU, is allowed to attend only relevant meetings, while 53 African countries are taking part in the plenary meeting of the international conference.
The proportion of all shares in Recruit HD held by individual investors, noninstitutional investors and others stood above 30 pct as of the end of June.
The president revealed that Japan will more than double its budget for these areas from the current level in order to boost the competitiveness of such areas as materials and parts, for which Japan has strengthened export control.
According to the survey as of June last year, only 116 of the country's 728 fire headquarters have introduced drone use and 72 have actually used drone use.
In order to avoid mistransmission of data, users will be asked to export the data to a dedicated system, instead of sending them to courts by e-mail, according to the sources.
The insurance business law prohibits policyholders from telling important matters, such as insurance premiums and compensation details, or transferring contracts without disadvantaged facts.
In 2018, Toyota produced some 129,000 units at the plant, accounting for 8.5 pct of all vehicles it produces in Britain this year.
A corporate employee of the city of Osaka who came with his family, 28 pct, said, "I came to buy TVs to be put in the living after a last-minute surge before the tax hike."
On the impact of the tariff's move on the Japanese economy and the global economy, Suga said, "We should refrain from giving a prejudgment answer."
MaaS Global, which currently offers services in Finland, Belgium and Britain, also aims to offer such services in Japan.
Five of the seven component indicators improved on the back of solid automobile-related shipments and production.
The agency calls, "Refrain from using health food and consult with the most appropriate medical institution if you suffer financial or other health problems after using it."
A proposal to increase out-of-pocket medical expenses under the health insurance system for elderly people to 20 pct from the current level of 10 pct has emerged, and the government is considering raising out-of-pocket payments by users of nursing care services.
The remark about Japan's capital punishment system will be closely watched as the Finance Ministry opposes the death penalty system.
The average price rose 19.5 pct to 64.05 million yen, helped by the launch of relatively expensive condominiums in Tokyo's densely populated 23 wards, including one in the athletes' village.
Due to a sense of caution over China, which is rapidly emerging in the IT and other fields, the U.S. administration of President Barack Trump decided last year to toughen the examination of foreign investors as well as European countries are also stepping up regulations related to foreign investment.
In August this year, the Japanese government added 20 industries, including integrated circuit, mobile phone and software, for target industries that require foreign capital to submit advance reports.
As easy as possible, Bito said, "We tend to do consultation work at stores for this kind of thing," showing a negative view on store cuts.
In Chiba, a total of six people were required to be hospitalized for three weeks or longer, 201 for short-term hospitalization and 289 for minor cases.
In the logistics industry, Yamato Holdings has already installed over 4,000 units of delivery boxes and Japan Post over 300 units.
The bereaved families have started signup activities on streets and blogging to seek the prosecution and harsh punishments of suspects carefully, saying that harsher punishments for perpetrators will lead to the prevention of similar incidents.
At present, the starting salary is 133,500 yen per month for SDF candidates with term of office and 169,900 yen for general-industry cadets with whole jobs in principle, both lower than the 171,200 yen set for police officers employed by the central government.
Meanwhile, the number of "targeted e-mail attacks" that send virus-tainted e-mail to companies and other important information rose 4.2 pct to 2,687 in the first half of this year.
In mid-March, the ministry released preliminary data on exports and imports in the previous month, followed by announcing detailed export results for each product name and other information.
Still, "Many people who shop every day at major supermarkets are questioning whether to go to small or midsize supermarkets every time," Bito said.
There were no overcharges for passengers who used commuter passes or paid in cash.
Under the policy, the government will also work to strengthen the production bases for the target products, support companies expanding overseas and boost the competitiveness of domestic industries.
Abe instructed relevant government officials to do all he can to collect and analyze information on the latest missile launch, including providing information promptly and accurately to the public and thoroughly checking the safety of aircraft, ships and other items.
In September, the consumer confidence index fell 1.9 pct, the biggest decline since February 2016, when the stock market slumped.
