At the RCEP meeting, the leaders confirmed that they will focus on negotiations so that a ministerial meeting in Tokyo on July 1 can be held in Singapore in late November for a conclusion.
Fukushima, July 29 (Jiji Press)--Some facilities in J-Village, a national soccer center facility used for more than seven years as a base for responding to the March 2011 nuclear disaster, have resumed normal operations.
Evacuation advisories and evacuation orders were issued to the city of Hiroshima and many residents in areas hit by heavy rain since the start of this month.
According to the outline, the peace declaration will call on nuclear states and others to establish security that does not depend on nuclear weapons while highlighting the devastation of atomic bombings and the inhumanity of nuclear weapons.
The percentage of smokers among men fell 0.4 pct to 27.8 pct, and that among women fell 0.3 pct to 8.7 pct, both record lows.
The MSDF plans to launch another Aegis ship in 2019 and the MSDF ship will be eight ships in 2011.
Berlin, July 29 (Jiji Press)--The Barna International Ballet Competition, regarded as one of the world's three major ballet conies, put Japan second in the men's junior category by 2000-18.
In the situation on the Korean Peninsula, the ministers have expressed their "welcome" to the North-South summit in April and the U.S.-North Korea summit in June, calling for continuing efforts to achieve denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula.
Before industry-by-industry new job openings and seasonal adjustments, construction increased 4.0 pct, medical and welfare services increased 3.8 pct and manufacturing, including automakers, increased 3.5 pct.
Meanwhile, information and communications services were down 11.2 pct and accommodation and food service services were down 3.2 pct.
The shipment index fell 0.2 pct to 101.3, due chiefly to a drop in shipments of oil and coal products during routine inspections at oil refineries.
The BOJ will keep its negative interest rate policy unchanged, which applies minus 0.1 pct to current account deposits held by financial institutions in the BOJ, while reducing the number of items subject to negative interest rates to around 5 trillion yen from around 10 trillion yen at present.
Tokyo, July 31 (Jiji Press)--Prosecutors have voluntarily heard about some 10 senior ministry officials in a corruption case involving a Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology executive, Jiji Press learned Tuesday.
The 2,000-year-old suspect is also believed to have attracted a number of education ministry executives, including a former sports agency executive, to the suspect by 00,000, informed sources said.
A proposal has emerged to use plutonium owned by TEPCO Holdings, which cannot be restarted due to the suspension of operations, at other companies' nuclear plants.
Of them, domestic investment received responses from 2,059 companies and overseas investment from 867 companies.
Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga told a press conference on Wednesday, "The government will accelerate preparations for the ceremony in line with the succession of the Imperial Throne and will make preparations firmly so that the ceremony will be held without any hitch."
The gap between domestic lending and deposit rates narrowed at four of the five companies, excluding Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Holdings Co.
Tokyo, Aug. 2 (Jiji Press)--The amount of damage from special fraud, such as furikome fraud, in Japan in the first half of this year to June fell 1.33 billion yen, or 7.1 pct, from the same period last year to 17.49 billion yen, down for the fourth straight year, a National Police Agency preliminary report showed Thursday.
The National Police Agency said that although the overall number has been reduced due to a sharp cut in the refunding fraud, "I'll" fraud is increasing and that the situation remains extremely serious.
Toshiba said there is no change in its previous earnings projections as the company has already included a return in its earnings projections for the full year ending in March 2019.
Singapore, Aug. 2 (Jiji Press)--Japanese Foreign Minister Taro Kono and his South Korean counterpart, Kang Kyung-wai, on Thursday confirmed close cooperation among Japan, South Korea and the three countries for the denuclearization of North Korea.
Kono also voiced concern over the situation in the South China Sea, where China is shifting to a military base, while Wang showed the view that the country is moving in a stable direction.
Higashimatsushima, Miyagi Pref., Aug. 2 (Jiji Press)--Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe said Thursday that his government will finish moving to public housing by fiscal 2020 for victims of the March 2011 disaster that lived in temporary houses in the two prefectures of Iwate and Miyagi.
In June alone, the country's trade deficit with Japan fell 3.4 pct from a year before to 5.3 billion dollars, down for the third straight month.
Singapore, Aug. 3 (Jiji Press)--Japanese Foreign Minister Taro Kono had a short conversation with his North Korean counterpart, Ri Yong Ho, in Singapore on Friday night.
The judge dismissed the defense side's claim that the third-party DNA type detected in the pressure-sensitive adhesives attached to the bodies of girls is the real culprit, judging that there is a possibility of contamination in the fingerprint detection work.
Of those who did not evacuate, over 80 pct each said they did not feel the urgent need to evacuate or that their houses were OK.
Some members pointed out that side effects on the liquidity and functions of the JGB market "have become visible in various ways" over the BOJ's large-scale JGB purchases.
After obtaining information on the records, the ministry sent an official to Mongolia in June to confirm that the records exist.
The records of criminal trials will be kept by the MPD, which was in charge of the first trial for up to 100 years, although records other than the ruling will often be scrapped after the expiration of the storage period.
Rishiri, Hokkaido, Aug. 4 (Jiji Press)--Japan's Emperor Akihito and Empress Michiko, who are visiting Hokkaido for three days from Friday, visited the northernmost Japan island of Rishiri for the first time on Saturday.
Representing the organizer, Hokkaido Governor Harumi Takahashi said, "Proud of the variety of values and attractiveness that our predecessors have honed over many years, we will pass on the precious Furusato, Hokkaido, to generations 50 years ahead and 100 years ahead."
Singapore, Aug. 5 (Jiji Press)--Japanese Foreign Minister Taro Kono and his Singaporean counterpart, Vivian Balakrishnan, agreed Sunday to strengthen relations between Japan and the Association of Southeast Asian Nations.
83, vice chairman of the Hiroshima Prefecture Korean Hibakusha Council, pointed to the aging of hibakusha who returned to North Korea after the war.
Of the company's 128 offices across Japan, 123 had made excessive claims, according to the ministry.
Some hibakusha said they were able to tell grandchildren that they were unable to tell their children.
According to the prefectural disaster response headquarters, evacuation advisories were issued to some 1.52 million people in Hiroshima, but some 6,000 people actually evacuated.
The surface of the gold coin features a hoo symbolizing Japan's Emperor and Empress Michiko, as well as Kiri and Shirakaba, representing the Emperor and Empress, respectively, while the surface of the bronze coin features the design of a horse-drawn wagon used at the 1959 Imperial Couple Seikosai Parade.
On the northern side of the Typhoon 13, the Japan Meteorological Agency called on the Kanto-Koshin and the Pacific sides of the Tohoku northeastern region to be vigilant against heavy rain, storms and high waves from before a typhoon approach.
The Japan Meteorological Agency's forecasters said they want to ask residents in areas that may be affected to evacuate at an early date in accordance with relevant local government evacuation advisories.
Of the seven indicators that can be compared with the previous month, four deteriorated.
Tokyo, Aug. 7 (Jiji Press)--The Ministry of Finance revised up its economic assessment for Hokkaido in a quarterly regional economic report, while the Chugoku region, which was damaged by torrential rain in July, gave up its decision on Tuesday.
Talks on issues related to the deployment, such as environmental conservation and compensation for accidents, had been suspended since an GSDF helicopter crash in Kanzaki, Saga Prefecture, western Japan, in February.
Wind speeds of 25 meters or more within 70 kilometers of the center of the typhoon and of 15 meters or more within 560 kilometers east of the center and 280 kilometers west of the center.
The Japanese insurer will also form a sales tie-up with the Sancorp group, aiming to expand its Australian operations by using the group's sales network.
It was the second time for the ministry to apply for checks on the compliance with new regulatory standards for nuclear reactors under construction after Japan Electric Power Development Co. requested in December 2014 that the Oma plant in Aomori Prefecture, southwestern Japan, be inspected.
"As Lawson operates across the country, we hope to contribute to regional economies with financial institutions in each region," he said.
The survey questions include how many people took the exam by gender and age in the past six years and how many passed.
The fish wholesaler thus cooperated with the shipping company to store the frozen tuna in a truck equipped with a powerful freezer until just before 4:30 a.m., when the sales site will open.
At a summit meeting in 2016, Japan and Russia designated 18 as the year for Japan-Russia exchanges.
The lottery revenue will be a valuable source of funds for local governments, but the amount of revenue, which stood at 439.8 billion yen in fiscal 2017, has fallen to 299.6 billion yen in fiscal 2017 due to a trend toward a decline.
In fiscal 2016, 60.3 pct of schools handled their own school meals expenses and 39.7 pct of those handled by local governments, according to the ministry's survey.
The envisaged LDP special council plans to urge the government to make sure that the budget for the issues will be secured outside the scope of the usual science, technology and university budgets.
Two years after JX Holdings and TonenGeneral Oil integrated their management to create JXG, Idemitsu and Showa Shell also integrated in April 2019, and the industry is moving toward a three-strong era.
Sao Paulo, Aug. 14 (Jiji Press)--Japanese Foreign Minister Taro Kono and his Peruvian counterpart, Nestle Popolicio, on Tuesday agreed to encourage the dictator of Vietnamese President Nicolas Madro to democratize his country.
Masahiko Shibayama, special adviser to LDP President Masahiko Shibayama, who visited the shrine on behalf of the LDP's ruling Liberal Democratic Party, paid tamagushi fees as an agent under the name of LDP leader Shinzo Abe.
All residents were forced to evacuate outside the island after an explosive eruption in Shindake on May 29, 2015, forced the agency to raise the alert level to 5, which requires immediate evacuation.
As no eruption occurred last after a very small eruption on June 19, 2015, the agency had lowered its volcanic alert level to 5 to 3 pct in June 2016 and to Level 2 in April this year.
Meanwhile, the number of visitors from China rose 12.6 pct to 879,100, that from Taiwan increased 3.1 pct to 460,500 and that from the United States increased 13.4 pct to 146,700.
According to the ministry, the Air Force for Disaster Prevention informed the ministry of the helicopter's flight plan at 8:53 a.m., just before Friday's flight.
In addition, the prefectural disaster prevention air team was allegedly in contact with the ministry's Tokyo Airport Office at Maebashi about 11:19 a.m. on Friday, even though the helicopter had not arrived at the heliport in Maebashi.
One of the experts reported that the Japanese had five DNA types among the 110 remains examined and that of the Filipino had 54.
Tokyo, Aug. 17 (Jiji Press)--Japanese high school students won three gold medals and one silver medal at the 12th International Geology Olympics in Thailand this month, the Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology said Friday.
The ministry will increase the number of immigration officers and immigration control officers to make it stricter to understand the employment situation of foreigners and to respond to illegal stays in Japan.
The meeting will include a G-20 meeting of the Group of 20 countries and regions set to be held in Osaka, western Japan, in June.
The face photos will be taken with a camera attached to the unmanned gate and automatically checked against those of a passport with an IC chip for identification.
"We must promote cooperation in order to increase the number of parties further," he said, expressing his intention to step up efforts to increase the number of parties.
Of the 18 areas in the RCEP negotiations, 16 countries, including China, have already agreed in four areas including government procurement and customs procedures and trade facilitation.
The use of nursing care robots, which support evacuation and walking, is expected to substantially reduce the physical burden of nursing care workers and help ease labor shortages in the nursing care industry.
After the day's meeting, Suga cited issues such as promoting the distribution of used handsets and releasing SIM locks to prevent handsets sold by mobile carriers from being used on lines of other companies.
The total number of foreign guests in the six northeastern prefectures stood at some 950,000 in 2017, up some 90 pct from 2010, but only 1.3 pct of the total number of guests across the country.
The ministry is considering demanding 5,935.1 billion yen for the fiscal 2019 budget estimate, up 11.8 pct from the previous year's budget.
Japan and the United States fully agree on the policy of realizing full denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula, Abe said.
The South American country drastically eased regulations in December 2012, although it kept restrictions on Fukushima products, such as obliging them to submit production area certificates and certificates for the inspection of radioactive substances.
The four companies plan to negotiate such issues as the construction of domestic nuclear plants, the joint decommissioning work and the establishment of a new company to manage the maintenance of nuclear plants, sources familiar with the matter said.
The agency issued high-temperature warning information to Hokuriku and other Sea of Japan coastal areas to call for caution against heatstroke.
Of the five companies, Diamet, which handles auto parts, may have continued falsification since around 1977 at the latest.|Tokio Marine & Nichido, then president of the company, had instructed the company to continue shipments of illegal products even after the discovery.
Evacuation orders were issued to part of Katano, Osaka Prefecture, western Japan, while evacuation orders were issued to many municipalities in western Japan, including Marugame, Kagawa Prefecture, western Japan.
Fukui, Aug. 25 (Jiji Press)--The government conducted a comprehensive disaster drill on Saturday on the assumption that a severe accident occurred at Kansai Electric's Oi and Takahama nuclear plants in Fukui Prefecture, central Japan, both in central Japan.
The experimental vehicle, equipped with the ZMP-developed self-driving system in a minivan, will automatically operate the steering wheel, the accelerator and the brake.
After the ruling, the victim's daughter, 49, told reporters, "I think the ruling is light compared with the weight of the mother's life, and the law is out of date."
In 2017, the number of new AIDS cases fell by 35 to 976, while the number of new patients who had already developed AIDS fell by 24 to 413.
Misappropriations were found at 27 of the 33 central government agencies surveyed, up over 80 pct.
Tokyo, Aug. 28 (Jiji Press)--The Internal Affairs and Communications Ministry's Fire and Disaster Management Agency plans to strengthen safety measures for disaster prevention helicopters held by local governments in the wake of a recent fatal accident involving a disaster prevention helicopter, Jiji Press has learned Tuesday.
The document touched on Chinese President Xi Jinping's remarks that his country will speed up the development of militarization of intelligence, deter war and win war.
Tokyo, Aug. 29 (Jiji Press)--The Cabinet Office plans to extend a system under which companies that have contributed to local governments working for regional revitalization receive tax benefits, sources familiar with the plan told Jiji Press on Wednesday.|Japan Tax on Hometown, a corporate version of the system to donate to local areas and launched in 2016, will be extended for five years to the current fiscal 2019, according to sources familiar with the plan.
The ministry will also aim to acquire one jet and one surveying aircraft in order to strengthen the system for marine surveillance and marine surveys.
Rather than considering the issue as an extension of the previous policy, Japan needs to see what is truly necessary for the country, he stressed.
At the day's assembly meeting, some companies and groups in attendance ordered the Japanese government to closely cooperate with U.S. aviation authorities in the wake of the U.S. consideration of drawing up air regulations for flying vehicles.
Abe, who has made his strong ties with Trump one of the selling points, also stressed that "Japan-U.S. relations have never been stronger" in his local trip to the ruling Liberal Democratic Party in September for the leadership race of the ruling Liberal Democratic Party.
Of the total, 24.7 billion yen will be held at the G-20 summit meeting in June in Osaka and 1.2 billion yen at the seventh Tokyo International Conference on African Development, or TICAD VI, in Kanagawa in August.
Housing for rent fell 1.4 pct to 35,847 units, down for the 14th straight month, thanks partly to a drop in private apartment supply.
Since two years ago, NPOs affiliated with some 110 free school operators and related groups in Japan have introduced information on organizations providing shelters and providing free phone consultations at this time on their Web sites.
While the fishermen side claims dolphin fishing as Japanese tradition and culture, the organizer maintained that current fishing is not traditional as ships and fishing gear have advanced incomparably from the past.
Bombers capable of carrying the missile were seen passing into airspace between the main island of Okinawa and Miyakojima last year to enter waters off the Kii Peninsula or through the Strait of Tsushima.
Spending growth was large among manufacturers of information and communications machinery, including semiconductors, chemical products and transportation machinery.
Recurring profits at manufacturers rose 27.5 pct to 10,476.6 billion yen thanks to growth at information and communications machinery makers and production machinery makers.
The total sales at all companies surveyed rose 5.1 pct to 344,061.9 billion yen, helped by increased sales of electronic parts for automobiles and industrial machinery and brisk vehicle exports to Asia.
Meanwhile, the End of the Rainy Season in the Kanto region, including Tokyo, was set around June 29, making it the earliest since that year.
At a press conference on Tuesday, Chief Cabinet Secretary Osamu Fujimura also said, "It is important for companies, universities and other parties to discuss the matter while fully considering their students," indicating that the government will carefully watch the course of discussions.
Matsui told a press conference that this is an "emergency situation." He said that if the functions of the airport deteriorate, it is necessary to supplement the entrance functions from overseas.
In order to gather information, the government set up a government office countermeasure room at the crisis management center of the office.
Meanwhile, the total demand for "zaito" fiscal investment and loan program fell 12.9 pct from the previous year to 12,597.3 billion yen, the lowest level in the past 20 years, as demand for "zaito" fiscal investment and loan programs has been on a downtrend thanks to the economic recovery.
Meanwhile, Language One Tokyo Co., which undertakes telephone interpretation operations and other operations, has started offering free interpretation services via phones that support 12 languages, including English and South Korean.
The contagious disease, known as swine fever, occurs in pigs and boars.
Eating infected pork meat will not cause human infection.
Finally, only one of the three manufacturing lines at the plant, which makes canned beer and other products, was put back into operation.
The prime minister also said he plans to raise the consumption tax rate from 8 pct to 10 pct in October next year as scheduled.
If the latest price hike is passed on to retail prices, household-use flour will increase by around 3.8 yen per kilogram, according to the ministry.
IWJ's 2000-46, which serves as a handle for another rescue dog, recalls that it was difficult for the rescue dog to smell a human as the sediment had covered the house.
The Ministry of Finance said that the negative side of the torrential rain in western Japan in July is seen in some parts of the Chugoku and Shikoku regions, but that its impact on the overall Japanese economy will be limited.|Exec Co. "The latest survey reflects an overall economic trend in which the economy is recovering moderately," a Ministry of Finance official said.
Applicants, who were born on or before April 1, 2002, will be allowed to choose up to three from nine categories--guide, competitive, mobile support, attels, operational support, healthcare, technology, media and ceremony.
When a series of earthquakes in Kumamoto in 2016 occurred, the website introduced a system allowing nondisaster municipalities to accept donations and issue certificates on behalf of affected municipalities in order to reduce the burden on affected municipalities.
Meanwhile, prices of electric and transportation equipment fell 0.4 pct, respectively.
In some 60 pct of the 414 cases, violations of laws and regulations, such as not passing a runway while being near a pedestrian walkway, were accidents.
The Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry aims to reduce the purchase price from companies to 18 yen per kilowatt-hour in fiscal 2018 to 8.5 yen in fiscal 2224 and that from households to 11 yen in fiscal 2027 from 26 yen, the sources said.
Abe countered that his policy is not a confrontational structure between local and Tokyo economies.|Tokyo's economy will raise prices of agricultural produce produced in rural areas if it improves, Abe said.
Although the winning research itself did not bear fruit, 20000 told Jiji Press before the award ceremony, "This research has become the starting point of my own research aimed at achieving zero deaths from large-hole cancer."
The U.S. special representative vowed to make all available for the return of the Japanese victims during a meeting with the head of the Family Association of Abductees, or FSA, later in the day.
Tokyo, Sept. 14 (Jiji Press)--The approval rate for the cabinet of Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe rose 3.2 pct from a month before to 41.7 pct, outpacing disapproval for the first time in seven months, a September poll showed Friday.
Mitsubishi Heavy plans to use part of some 120 billion yen to eliminate its debt overages in fiscal 2018, particularly through such methods as debt stock acquisition, sources said.
The ministry also said that the population of people aged 70 or older stood at 26.18 million, accounting for 20.7 pct of the total population.
The upgrade also follows the ministry's decision to acquire 27 billion yen per aircraft with U.S. government-paid military assistance FMS Aircraft Co. for the E2D, an early warning aircraft with increased investigative capabilities, in order to strengthen the ANA's ability to monitor the Nansei islands.
Before the Typhoon 21 disaster, Kansai Air had some 170 international flights a day, down some 70 at present.
Exports rose 5.3 pct to 1,245.9 billion yen, led by growth in such items as pharmaceuticals and construction and mining machinery, while imports rose 21.5 pct to 790.1 billion yen, the highest figure ever for August, thanks to an increase in aircraft purchases.
The Fisco group will consider acquiring a majority stake in Tech Bureau and sending a majority of board members.
The Hayabusa-2 dropped the Minerva-2-1 exploration robot toward the northern side of the equator on the asteroid at around 1:06 p.m., or 4:06 a.m., when it reached an altitude of about 55 meters above Ryuguku.|Thursday, the spacecraft began to descend from 20 kilometers above.
Halfax, Canada, Sept. 20 (Jiji Press)--Environment, Ocean and Energy Ministers of the Group of Seven industrialized countries and G-7 agreed Thursday to promote the recycling of plastic waste and develop disposal technologies and other steps as part of efforts to reduce emissions of marine plastic debris.
The amount of iron-ore-based steel at the reactor increased 0.5 pct to 6,813,000 tons, while that of electric furnace steel using scrap iron increased 2.2 pct to 1,992,000 tons.
By type, the number of H-shaped steel bars used in large buildings and other items rose 1.3 pct and that of small steel bars for housing and other purposes rose 1.2 pct.
While Trump has flashed additional tariffs on imported vehicles and parts, Abe hopes to avoid additional tariffs imposed by the U.S. president by underscoring the importance of international rules-based free trade, according to the sources.
The DI will be calculated by deducting the percentage of companies seeing business conditions as good from that of companies seeing them as bad.
The Defense Ministry has set a budget for research and development of gliders since fiscal 2018, when the ministry requested 13.8 billion yen in related spending for the following year from April.
Both newspaper and magazine ads grew 9.7 pct and 4.3 pct, respectively.
The average premium rate also rose to a record 9.167 pct as 204 cooperatives increased their premium rates.
Transport demand for auto parts, electronic parts and other goods between the two regions has increased substantially in recent years, the sources said.
Tokai No. 2 will have a 40-year operational deadline on Nov. 27. (Jiji Press)--A separate set of approvals by the Nuclear Regulation Authority, including a construction plan listing detailed designs of equipment and facilities, is needed to extend the operational period.
In the statement, the minister replied that individual management decisions will be made at the responsibility of TEPCO's management team and that supporting TEPCO will not cause major obstacles to compensation and reactor decommissioning work to residents and companies affected by the nuclear accident, according to the sources.
At the company's mainstay Oppama plant in Yokosuka, Kanagawa Prefecture, western Japan, and four other plants in Japan, the company rewrote emissions data or handled invalid data as valid data, according to Nissan.
The agency advises people who have never been infected with rubella or who have not received vaccinations.
While Rowhani called for cooperation to continue the nuclear deal, Abe stressed that it is important to continue implementing the deal.
International cargo volume fell 10 pct to 168,510 tons.|Japan Jet Fuel Refueling Amount Down 2 pct to 373,805 kiloliters.
The EU has agreed to start talks on tariff cuts for industrial products, excluding automobiles, instead of escaping auto tariffs.
20000, referring to a recent Kenhoren survey, showed that some elderly people are calling for raising the proportion of out-of-pocket elderly people.
Regarding the relationship with the General Association of Korean Residents in Japan, or Chongryon, the presiding judge pointed out that there are reasonable suspicions that Chongryon schools have been intervened by the Chongryon over the limit and are controlled in a way that would distort the independence of education.
At a press conference, Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga told Trump at the meeting that "it is important for the country to continue introducing high-performance equipment, including U.S. equipment, in order to respond to the severe security environment."
The increase apparently reflected an increase in the number of foreigners staying in Japan, including foreigners studying abroad and finding jobs in Japan.
At 10 a.m. in Nanjo, Okinawa Prefecture, before 1 p.m. in Greenwich Standard Time, the maximum instantaneous wind speed of 56.2 meters, the strongest on record at the observatory.
The company, which is under management reconstruction, plans to hire 1,500 people in April 2019, the same level as the company's recruitment in April 2015, before its accounting fraud was discovered.
The government is arranging the supplementary budget in two stages in order to compile a two-stage supplementary budget.|EXCLUSIVE: The first supplementary measure will focus on restoration from recent natural disasters, such as a powerful earthquake in Hokkaido last month, while the second supplementary measure will focus on disaster prevention-related projects.
The Japanese automaker had canceled a capital alliance with Toyota Motor Corp. in August to seek a new partner.
The proposed lump-sum payments will also be paid to those who have agreed to infertility surgeries or who have underwent other types of surgeries, such as hysterectomy.
Nemuro, Hokkaido, Oct. 5 (Jiji Press)--A public-private joint survey team on Japan-Russia joint economic activities on the disputed Northern Four islands returned to Nemuro port in Hokkaido on Friday after completing local activities.
Toshiyuki Matsumori, head of the Japan Meteorological Agency's Earthquake and Tsunami Surveillance Division, said that quake activities in the area will continue for the time being.
The 200,000-50-year-old farm operator in the Tomiri district in the town of Atsuma, where four people died from landslides, joined the 39-year-old friend who died in the disaster.
The IOC asked the Tokyo Organizing Committee to raise the starting time for the sport last month, the sources said, adding that the boat federation hopes to end the sport in the morning in order to protect players from the heat of midsummer.
"The world is moving to reduce slaughter punishment," he said.|The local government's plan is based on the idea that slaughter punishment is inevitable.
The company saw its operating revenue grow only slightly due to the closure of unprofitable stores, said Jiji Press, however, adding that net profit grew sharply to 30.3 billion yen, up 35.8 pct, thanks to profit from sales of supermarket subsidiaries in Hong Kong.
Japan was the top Thai in the February survey, along with Singapore, but Japan rose to the top single spot in the latest rankings after Myanmar exempted Japanese tourists from visas this month.
Uny Famima aims to concentrate management resources on its core convenience store operations by disconnecting its slumping supermarket operations.
Tokyo, Oct. 11 (Jiji Press)--Some 90 pct of 380 municipalities that are required by the Internal Affairs and Communications Ministry to review "hometown tax" in return goods, a system to be donated to local governments, are set to do so upon request, a Jiji Press survey showed Thursday.
The amount of fishery products handled at the Toyosu market in fiscal 2023 is estimated at 616,400 tons, up 60 pct from that at the Tsukiji market in fiscal 2017, according to a business plan submitted by the metropolitan government to the Ministry of Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries in August.
The survey also showed that 56.8 pct of those who keep their animals said they always go to evacuation centers together, while 10 pct said they do not go to evacuation centers to be with their animals.
The G-20 members face trade friction between their members, but disagreements should be resolved directly by members related to the friction, he said.
In order to prevent excessive returns, the Ministry of Internal Affairs and Communications has issued notices to local governments calling on them to limit the procurement prices of return items to less than 30 pct of the amount of donations.
In addition to joint procurement of products, Aeon and Fuji will jointly develop private brand products sold in the Shikoku and Chugoku regions, where Fuji is based.
Besides Ehime, Fuji operates a total of over 90 general and food supermarkets in the three prefectures of Shikoku and Hiroshima in Kagawa, Kochi and Tokushima, and two in the Chugoku region in Yamaguchi Prefecture.
In the final ruling, Kumamoto District Court and Fukuoka High Court both denied the credibility of the confession in the retrial-requested trial although they had found it guilty only based on the confession of 20,000 at the investigative stage.
In Poly Kagu Kagu, a researcher who had been studying mushrooms at the university had started research on fully artificial cultivation of Japanese matsutake about six years ago.
Regarding the reason for the decision to introduce the aircraft, the ministry explained that it is necessary to introduce missiles that allow SDF personnel to deal with safety from outside the threat zone of their opponents.
The project to release the crested ibises started in 2008, with a total of 308 released so far in Japan.
Three types of trading methods, including the auction method, which is established when the prices of purchase orders and sales orders match, will be tested and researched.
A total of 110 tunnels being inspected by the three companies in fiscal 2016 and fiscal 2017 were not inspected by the Board of Inspection, according to the sources.
Of the costs, 727.5 billion yen will include measures to dispose of disaster debris, financial assistance for affected small and midsize companies and support for the restoration of the Kansai International Airport Liaison Bridge damaged by tankers washed away during the passage of a large typhoon.
Of them, 21 groups have confirmed damage, 11 groups find it difficult to investigate, and 14 groups are investigating it.
It is expected to present a specific negotiating purpose with Japan 30 days before the start of the negotiations.
The system glitch occurred on Oct. 9 on one of the four lines connecting the TSE's trading system with the brokerage firm.
For this reason, the government will ask cardholders and payment service firms to cut their fees during the period.
He competed in the Olympics for the fourth consecutive time since the 2004 Olympics in Athenian.
The government hopes to finish screening of the subcommittee by the end of the week on the draft of the revised legislation.|Japan Liberal Democratic Party aims to submit the legislation to the Diet by the end of next week after completing procedures to enact legislation within the LDP and its coalition partner, New Komeito.
The total number of customers dropped 2.6 pct, down for the first time in two months, to 1,343.28 million, but purchases per customer rose 6.3 pct to 623 yen, reflecting the demand, the ministry said.
In the report, lending has been increasing mainly among companies with relatively low creditworthiness due to the looseness of financial institutions due to large-scale monetary easing.
In September 2012, a law to realize the initiative was enacted, although the plan has yet to be realized due to the reluctance of the TOCOM and the ministries of economic industry and agriculture, forestry and fisheries of the relevant ministries and agencies.
The blackout in Hokkaido was due chiefly to the suspension of all three Tomato-Koshin thermal power plants at Hokkaido Electric Power Co. after the disaster, which had covered about half of the amount of electricity in the road until the Sept. 6 earthquake, and hydropower plants due to power transmission line damage.
Meanwhile, price hikes continued at civil engineering, building services and job placement services on the back of labor shortages.
Of the 538 plants in Japan that conducted the survey, a total of eight people were found to have developed this cancer at six manufacturing sites.
The test delivery will take place some 9 kilometers between the post office in the city of Minamisoma and the post office in the town of Namie.
Ayako bowed as well at the Imperial Cemetery, which enshrines the spirits of past Emperor and Imperial family members, and the Shinto shrine, which enshrines the Shinto spirits of the nation.
The Japanese side will continue to strongly urge China to ease the ban, aiming to realize easing by Chinese President Xi Jinping until his visit to Japan, which is expected to happen next year.
The Japanese Emperor and Empress attended almost every event since the first Games in Oita Prefecture, western Japan, in 1981.
The Trump administration has complained that Japan has tariff and nontariff barriers in the fields of automobiles, agriculture and services, and there is expected to be a fierce battle between the two sides over these areas, observers said.
Hitachi and SBI plan to use huge amounts of settlement data to provide management advice to customers and prevent fraudulent settlements, among other new services, the sources said.
Some 47,000 troops from the SDF and 9,500 troops from the U.S. military will take part in such drills as ballistic missile defense and remote island defense.
Under the current international taxation rules, the government cannot tax foreign companies that do not have such headquarters as factories and branches within their jurisdiction in principle.
The interim report on digital taxation, compiled in March by the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development, or OECD, calls for revising the tax principle.
After Abe offered his congratulatory remarks, the Crown Prince stood in a toatery, saying, "Help each other and build a happy and bright family."
Of the four items that make up the index, those for living conditions deteriorated for the second straight month, while those for income growth and the employment environment deteriorated, respectively.
Meanwhile, KDDI, which is strengthening other sectors than the core, such as settlement services and Internet mail-order sales, will use Rakuten's logistics infrastructure to streamline its distribution and delivery operations.
In 2005, two F-15 fighter jets affiliated with the Chitose base in Hokkaido Prefecture, northeastern Japan, came into contact during combat training.
Aiming to strengthen cooperation with related organizations, a total of 142 local governments took part, surpassing the previous 59.
This is the first time for Japan to recall goods from the ISS.|Japan Co. has so far limited the collection to the United States and Russia.
The government plans to take steps to ensure that the three major mobile carriers and mobile distributors properly display advertisements.
At a joint press conference after the meeting, Abe explained that the two sides agreed on the view that full implementation of U.N. Security Council resolutions on North Korea is necessary in order to fully denuclearize the Korean Peninsula.
The government official said that taking the long-term holidays is aimed at increasing the mood of congratulating the public toward the Crown Prince's accession to the throne and mitigating the impact on people's lives due to the enactment of the new era from the current Heisei era, which will also take place on May 1.
At the meeting, Abe and Pence agreed that full implementation of U.N. Security Council resolutions on North Korea is necessary in order to fully denuclearize the Korean Peninsula.
The RCEP would create an economic zone that would account for half of the world in terms of population and 30 pct of the world in terms of trade and gross domestic product if the conclusion is achieved.
He asked the country, which maintains import restrictions on Japanese food, to remove and ease the restrictions as soon as possible.
There are eight livestock rearing facilities in the area, with a total of some 8,500 pigs and boars kept there, according to the sources.
In particular, the figures for Chugoku and Shikoku rose 5.9 pct to 64.7 pct and those for Chubu region rose 4.0 pct to 76.0 pct.
According to the sources, the president and the captain are suspected of flying the aircraft without exceeding its weight in violation of rules set by the Civil Aviation Act and other regulations before takeoff.
Regarding the law on promoting women's participation in the workplace, the ministry aims to expand the scope to include companies with at least 101 employees in drawing up an action plan that is currently mandatory for companies with at least 301 employees.
In October, Japan's trade balance with China was in the red for 406.2 billion yen, up 52.1 pct, marking the seventh consecutive month of loss, reflecting growth in imports of clothing and mobile phones.
In its May proposal, the LDP had called on the government to consider including in its guidelines the acquisition of enemy base attack capabilities, which are necessary to attack ballistic missiles and other weapons targeting Japan.
Nissan will submit a proposal at its board meeting on Thursday to dissolve the post of chairman and representative director of the suspect.
Referring to the future of the country's economy and industry as a new priority, he expressed hopes for Japan's high-tech industries to expand investment and promote technological cooperation with Russia.
The recommendation also asked the government to narrow the scope of planned gift certificates with premiums to low-income households and child-rearing households and others.
The Japanese side proposed leaving everything related to the future of Rengo to private-sector companies to private-sector companies because it is a story among private-sector companies, while the French side made no objections, according to the sources.
The team, headed by a 2000-professor and a 2000-professor, will inject some 2 million neural progenitor cells converted from iPS cells into the injured sites of four patients who were only two or four weeks after spinal cord injury.
Abe welcomed the country's recent lifting of import restrictions on rice grown in Niigata Prefecture, western Japan, soon after the severe accident at Tokyo Electric Power Co.'s <9501> Fukushima No. 1 plant in northeastern Japan, which was triggered by the tsunami in March 2011.
Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga told a press conference, "We hope that the construction will proceed after fully ensuring safety and giving maximum consideration to the natural and living environment."
In 2016, a dish using puffy meat was chosen, while in 2017, a dish using chicken breast meat was chosen.
In goods trade, Japan posted a trade deficit of 321.7 billion yen, the first loss in two months, with import growth outpacing export growth.
In July-December, a Chinese court sentenced a man in Aichi Prefecture to 12 years in prison, a man in Kanagawa Prefecture, west of Tokyo, to five years in prison, and a woman in Tokyo to six years in prison.
In October, orders from manufacturers rose 12.3 pct, highlighting strong demand from oil and coal product makers and automakers.
According to the elementary school, children evacuated from the schoolyard a total of 693 times in the past year.
The president also expressed his willingness to integrate the division that makes the Mitsubishi Regional Jet, the first small passenger jet made in Japan, and the division that makes the main wings for Boeing aircraft.
Of the total, 60 F-35A aircraft, designed for the U.S. Air Force, will be the F-35B aircraft, with the rest for the Marine Corps.
The number will increase by 4,500 to 9,000 for club activities and by 600 to 3,600 for support staff to help teachers prepare for classes.
Asked about support details in multiple answers, a majority cited "welfare and nursing care," followed by "promotion of culture, arts and sports," "nurturing of children and youth, and support for child-rearing."
In February 2017, the ministry announced the start of clinical research on PGS and plans to continue clinical research.
Meanwhile, Japanese Finance Minister Aso and Health, Labor and Welfare Minister Takumi Nemoto agreed that the central government will pay the full amount in the first half of the year and that the central and local governments will pay one-half in principle after the first half of the first half of the year under the draft financial resources for the free provision of preschool education and childcare starting in October 2019.
For construction costs for Shinkansen trains, JR companies will first use loan fees paid for facility use, with the central government paying the remaining two-thirds and local governments paying the rest.
Tamaki told reporters, "Municipalities are obliged to carry out prefectural citizen voting."
At the Japan-U.S. summit meeting, Reagan showed his intention to partially lift trade sanctions on Japan, which were imposed eight days after the meeting.
There are concerns about the impact of the Japanese government's decision to effectively remove the Chinese communications equipment product from the contract, market sources said.
The Japanese economy was buoyed by strong exports due to the expansion of overseas economies and the yen's weakening, leading to a rise in stock prices and an increase in employment as the economy achieved a long-term expansion.
The ministry will develop online Japanese language materials worth 100 million yen for foreigners living on remote islands and other places where it is difficult to use face-to-face Japanese classes.
Bombardier has sued a subsidiary of Mitsubishi Heavy in the suit for illegally using the company's former employees to develop a small jet and a Mitsubishi Regional Jet for confidential information related to passenger aircraft certification.
Following the Oct. 30 ruling, South Korea's Supreme Court has ordered Japanese companies to pay compensation for their wartime labor.
Under the measures, medical institutions will be urged to use telephone interpreters and core facilities will be required to have dedicated medical interpreters.
In battery operations for electric vehicles and other vehicles, Japanese makers have maintained technological superiority, however, competition with South Korean and Chinese makers has intensified in recent years.
Human Holdings operates more than 1,300 classrooms in Japan, making it one of the largest robot classes in Japan to teach more than 22,000 children.
Supervising groups are required in principle to allow interns to take Japanese language and daily lessons for two months.|But cooperatives had allowed interns to work at companies despite the training period.
After the acquisition, NEC plans to combine its own bioidentification and artificial intelligence AI technologies with KMD's administrative AI services.
Meanwhile, 90 pct of respondents said that the Japan-U.S. security treaty is "extremely important" or "to some extent important" for U.S. security, up 3 points.
The survey was conducted by a U.S. research company on the phone in March this year.
According to the defense, 20,000 suspects want to "talk in court if there is such a place."
Meanwhile, major tobacco companies have been focusing on sales of heated tobacco products in recent years.
The prefectural government installed the statue of Luffy at the prefectural government site, which was visited by some 1,500 fans at the unveiling ceremony in November 2018.
Kazuo Shii, chairman of the Japanese Communist Party of Japan, expressed his determination to end the move to amend the constitution, saying, "Abe, who has been patronizing the constitution, does not have the right to change the constitution."
"In order to firmly deepen talks with South Korea, it is possible that the exchange of confidential records with each other will depend on the course of the talks," Iwaya told a press conference.
Abe has visited the Netherlands since March 2014 and Britain since April 2017.
The U.S. Coast Guard and the U.S. Navy are also investigating the accident.
In an effort to curb an increase in purchase costs due to increased use of renewable energy sources, the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry plans to cut the purchase price to around 8.50 yen in fiscal 2022.
Noting that six Japanese start-ups backed by the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry are at CES, Seko said, "We hope to increase the number of such Japanese companies by continuing to provide support."
Even in industrial activities, which are believed to have little impact from disasters, shipments of lithium-ion batteries to the United States and production and shipments of machinery for production were down.
The number of bankruptcies fell in seven of the 10 industries.
The Infiniti Q502.2 d was sold in South Korea in 2014 and the Qashqai in 1516.
In the middle of the Meiji era, however, medical schools were scrapped one after another due to financial difficulties, according to Jiji Press. Samples may have been donated to schools in the area.
In December, prices of oil and coal products rose 4.7 pct, a smaller increase than the 14.2 pct rise in the previous month.
The current law stipulates flight-prohibited airspace for drones and flight regulations, but there is no provision that requires pilots to make reports in the event of an accident, separately from police investigations.
Over drones, the government's panel of experts is discussing new rules for strengthening safety measures, such as making it mandatory for inspections before flights and banning flights when drunk.
On the other hand, those who said they want to work after the age of 66 accounted for more than half of the economic reasons, with 28.9 pct saying they want to "live a comfortable life financially" and 24.9 pct saying that they think they lack enough living expenses if they don't continue working.
By gender, the job offer rate was up 2.3 pct at 87.5 pct for male students and up 1.5 pct at 88.5 pct for female students.
The job offer rate rose 2.0 pct to 87.7 pct for students majoring in liberal arts and 1.8 pct to 89.0 pct for students in science.
At their meeting in Argentina in December, the two leaders agreed to start negotiations under a new framework headed by Taro Kono and Sergei Lavrov.
Abe and Putin told officials at their previous meeting to make full progress in the joint work to start joint economic activities on the Northern Four islands.
A meeting of the two leaders, with only interpreters, was also held between a small meeting and a working dinner.
If Japan makes repeated similar flights, "we will respond strongly in line with the rules of response action," the operational headquarters chief said.
Of them, 368 were due to product glitches, and 209 of them were products subject to the recall.
Regarding his own responsibility, the company's president said, "It is the biggest responsibility to promote stricter legal compliance."
Meanwhile, 200-20000 did not say whether to abide by the 2.5 pct cap although the company will "set a cap" for fiscal 20 and later.
Data distribution is allowed freely in principle in the United States.|Japan requires consent from the person in principle for the transfer of personal information data.
Those eligible for relocation assistance are those who live in Saitama, Chiba and Kanagawa prefectures next to the Tokyo metropolitan area over the last five years and commute to or from within Tokyo's 23 wards in densely populated areas and move outside the Tokyo metropolitan area.
Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga told a press conference the same day that Chief Cabinet Secretary Sadatsuka was present at the hearing in question and that the ministry will not allow ministry officials to attend the upcoming new hearing.
White goods purchased using the country's home electronics eco-point system, implemented in 0911, will be replaced shortly.
The catch cap in each of the 47 prefectures is set based on past catches and other data.
Japanese Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga said at a press conference that South Korea's action is "extremely problematic."|Japan has been "implementing all promised measures" in the Japan-South Korea agreement, and "We will continue to urge the South Korean side to steadily implement them."
In the revised measures, the ministry focused on strengthening measures to provide information and guide foreign visitors to Japan to evacuate smoothly in the event of an earthquake during the 2020 Tokyo Olympics and Paralympics.
The ministry estimates that strong jolts of 6 on the Japanese seismic intensity scale to 7 on the maximum on the Japanese seismic intensity scale will occur in wide areas from the Kanto eastern region to the Kyushu southwestern region.
Karatsu, Saga Pref., Feb. 2 (Jiji Press)--This is the first time that such a drill has been conducted since the No. 3 and No. 4 reactors at the Genkai nuclear power plant in Saga Prefecture, southwestern Japan, were reactivated last year on Saturday.
The Emperor and the New Emperor will not be involved in the process of selecting the new era name.
In an attempt to lure families, the exhibition hall will focus on displays and events for children.
20000 was detained by militants in Afghanistan for about five months in 2010 by Kurdish State authorities in Iraq as well as by Iraqi authorities.
"If the system leads to a reduction in work and an improvement in labor shortages," said 20,000 of the Aquaculture Seedling Center for Aquaculture in Okinawa Prefecture, central Japan, at the National Center for Aquaculture Seedling in the near future.
Under the local tax law revision, local governments will have to limit return goods to "local products with procurement amounts of less than 30 pct of donations" since June.
Prices rose 409 of the 744 items surveyed and fell 266.
In clinical research and clinical trials using iPS cells, a team led by a government-related organization Riken in 2014 carried out the first transplant in the world for intractable diseases.
The automobile industry around the world is speeding up production of electric vehicles thanks to tighter environmental regulations.
The next model of the vehicle model, currently produced in Britain, will be produced mainly in North America.
In Iwate, support staff for civil engineering and other professional positions remain necessary, but it is becoming difficult to secure such staff from other local governments at a time when large-scale disasters are taking place across the country, he said.
Tokyo, Feb. 21 (Jiji Press)--The total amount of damage from furikome and other special frauds in Japan in 2018 fell 9.6 pct from a year before to 35.68 billion yen, down for the fourth consecutive year, the National Police Agency said Thursday.
The sample partial replacement method tends to pay more than the total replacement.
Those who pass the test will be allowed to visit ministries and agencies, except on July 17 and Aug. 2, when final interview tests will be conducted.
The ministries and agencies will examine the students who visited by the day before the final pass was announced and give job offers from Aug. 21, the day after the final pass was announced.
Still, Tamaki will inform the prime minister and the U.S. president of the voting results under the prefectural referendum ordinance.
The rise reflected labor shortages, with road cargo transportation fees up 3.1 pct and worker dispatch service fees up 2.9 pct.
As an exception, the bank already has a mechanism to conditionally own a 5 pct stake in the financially troubled company in order to rebuild the management of the company.
But there are concerns that the environment would deteriorate due to the waste fluid left during the cleaning process, as a sanitary environment is not secured.
As of the end of March last year, there were 723 such stations across the country and 2,726 such stations with four types.
The industry machinery shipment index fell 4.0 pct to 99.2 due chiefly to a drop in shipments of transportation and production machinery, the ministry also said.
According to the data, violations of the law against prostitution and the law against child prostitution and pornography stood out in terms of the charges.
"For peace on the Korean Peninsula, we will strengthen cooperation with Japan as well," Moon said in a speech on the English edition.|He said, "The past cannot be changed but the future can be changed."
Other than 20000, Tokyo University Prof. Hirokazu Nakaima, who will study extremely accurate "optical grid watches," will also take part in research beyond the limit of the telecommunications capacity of fiber networks.
The defendant is also indicted for a special breach of breach of the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act, which is believed to have inflicted damage on Nissan, in addition to a crime of violation of the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act that allegedly underreported remuneration.
At the plant, Nissan is looking at reducing the production lines of its Qashqai sport-utility vehicle and Leaf electric vehicle to two shift from three shift, according to Sky News.
Last month, the company withdrew some production plans at the plant in order to transfer the production to Japan.
In its structural reforms announced in November 2017, Mizuho FG had indicated that it will reduce the number of employees by 19,000 by fiscal 2026 and reduce some 500 business bases in the group to some 4,000 by fiscal 2024.
The company is also considering halting three other domestic and overseas plants for some weeks.
According to the company's president, Suntory may change the advisability and size of price hikes by region.
The number of bankruptcies fell in six of the 10 industries surveyed, including retailers and manufacturers.
Nissan launched a full-fledged internal investigation in June in response to a whistle-blowing filed by the defendant over the alleged fraud, according to the sources.
"We know well" and "know to some extent" about cyberinsurance's recognition by a little over 25 pct of them.
In a questionnaire conducted last year by the Internal Affairs and Communications Ministry's Fire and Disaster Management Agency, about 30 pct of the 332 fire headquarters in Japan that set a response policy when they are asked to stop being resuscitated under certain conditions said.
At a meeting of the Lower House Financial and Financial Services Committee on Tuesday, Finance Minister Taro Aso cited retaliatory measures such as adding tariffs, suspending remittances and suspending visa visas.
Orders from manufacturers fell 1.9 pct, falling for the third straight month, reflecting weak demand from electric and information and communications machinery makers.
Touching on the corporate culture of putting priority on due dates and the corporate structure of the management team, including a lack of quality compliance awareness, Kobe Steel's "criminal responsibility is heavy," the judge concluded, saying it was "a habitual crime."
Subaru Kogyo will withdraw from movie operations and focus on road repair and cleaning operations.
Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga said at a press conference that the government will make efforts to promote the use of the My Number card.|Japan Post Holdings Co. "If the card is not used by the public, opportunities to improve convenience and productivity in the economy will be disrupted."
The Egyptians are continuing minesweeping operations while cooperating with Israeli forces.
Since around April, the ministry plans to launch the first nationwide survey on foreign children entering school, asking local governments to cooperate in the survey.
Emperor Akihito will make his final remark after Abe delivered his "national representative's speech."
"We are determined to firmly cooperate with New Zealand, Australia and the international community and fight terrorism in a resolute manner," Chief Cabinet Secretary Hiroshige said.
The company decided to turn two of the remaining four restaurants into pepper lunch restaurants.
The contributors are believed to be scholars of Japanese and Chinese literature, Japanese history and History of the East.
The government is considering a plan to drive some 77,000 piles into soft ground, but the government estimates that it will take three years and eight months for the ground improvement work.
The survey was conducted by the Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare on all 8,417 hospitals across the country, with 47.3 pct of 3,980 responding.
The proposals will be reflected in an integrated innovation strategy to be compiled around June and an AI strategy to be compiled by summer.
The proceeds will mainly be used to procure materials for the production of U.S. Apple Inc.'s "iPhone iPhone" latest model, a key Japan Display customer, as well as to finance payments.
The DI represents the percentage of companies that said their business conditions are "good" minus that of companies that said they are "bad."
On March 14 this year, the government asked scholars specializing in Japanese and Chinese studies and History of Japan and History of the East to devise the new era.
The operator of the Yodobashi Camera store plans to buy all outstanding shares in the target company, including shares held by investment fund Advantage Partners Co., which currently owns ICI Ishii Sports.
Of the seven indicators that are currently month-on-month, three improved, including "durable consumer goods shipments."
Abe said, "We will confirm close cooperation for the success of the G-20 Osaka summit and further strengthen cooperation with other countries."
According to the team, an image of a black hole inside a ring of glowing gas at the center of the M87 was obtained after some two years of work to analyze data obtained with such a technology as to be able to identify golf balls placed on the moon surface from the earth.
The company purchased a cruiser used by the family of the suspect, Hajime said. In questioning, Hajime was apparently asked to explain such matters as how the funds were flowing and how the cruise was purchased.
The leasing company, Orix, said last week that it has launched a new business to support business succession.
The onshore pictogram was designed in which one leg of a player at the start was a artificial leg and a player with a disability in one arm swims even in a competitive pictogram.
An official of the agency said, "A package of LED bulbs and other items shows what types of lighting equipment can be attached to it."|Corp. "Even if it is already installed, we want dealers and others to check whether it is the right combination or not."
Sharp expects demand from design firms and other companies for the three big pad models as they can clearly display detailed letters and design plans, the sources said.
The amount was reduced to 4,500 yen per month and 9,000 yen per plaintiff in the trial ruling.
In addition, the company will provide an app this summer that will allow the general public to read posted works, which will also allow famous authors, such as 20000, to be read as e-books, according to the company.
A supplementary resolution to the Special Act on the One-Time Retirement of Emperor Akihito stipulates that "after the effectuation of this law on April 30 this year, when Emperor Akihito will step down, the government will promptly consider and report the results to the Diet."
In December last year, the central government agency had agreed not to procure equipment with misconduct functions, apparently bearing in mind China's Huawei and Zhong Heung-tong ZTE equipment.
Kono said, "Japan and the United States will strengthen bilateral cooperation, including in new areas, and strengthen their alliance further."
"Demand from the manufacturing and construction industries was solid, but we failed to meet such demand," Tetsuren said.
The Japanese company has long adopted a planned new university graduate as a future executive candidate and unified the recruitment schedule under the initiative of the Japan Business Federation, or Keidanren.
The network holds an international conference once a year to foster female politicians and strengthen ties between politicians.
Suga said, "We have come to see various obstacles in order to expand exports further."
The crater is estimated to be 10 meters in diameter, making it the first time in the world that has succeeded in generating artificial craters on asteroids, according to JAXA.
The first of the three ceremonies is Emperor Akihito's "Taireishoden no Gi" ceremony, which is the first such ceremony in constitutional history.
On Wednesday, Crown Prince Naruhito, 59, will take over the status of the Emperor, which is stipulated as "a symbol of Japan and a symbol of the unity of the Japanese people" under the constitution.
"If Nippon Steel's assets become unfairly sold, it would be totally unacceptable and the Japanese government is taking the situation further seriously," he said.
Companies with many female executives tend to be more profitable than those that do not.
Among the 12 host cities, the organizing committee already held briefings in Sapporo, Hokkaido and Oita, where many foreigners are expected to visit.
"It is important to resolve the issue through political dialogue, including U.S.-North Korea dialogue," Wang said, referring to the intended launch and other issues.
Looking ahead, 62.5 pct of responding companies said they will "actively make efforts" and 20.4 pct said they will "make efforts with some human resources" to improve the retaining rate for midsize employees.
Mos Food Co. projects that its net profit will recover to one billion yen between this year and the year ending in March 2010, while reducing the number of domestic outlets, it plans to speed up the expansion of outlets in Asia.
The surface of the gold coins was treated with "hoo" and "zuiun," which symbolize Emperor Akihito, and the surface of the bronze coins with "koza," which is used in October for Emperor Naruhito's accession to the throne.
At the start of the meeting, Russian Federation Council Speaker Valentina Matbienko read on behalf of Russian President Vladimir Putin's message stressing, "Relations between regions are very important also in relations between the two countries."
Tokyo, May 14 (Jiji Press)--Foreign Minister Taro Kono told a press conference Tuesday that he will consider response measures for Iran, which is at odds with the United States, scrambling the Strait of Hormuz in the Persian Gulf if the situation happens to be blocked in reality.
Watami plans to first foster human resources working at its own stores to help foreigners acquire new residence status and to foster human resources working at other companies.
"Peace and stability in the Middle East is important for the global economy and the global situation, and is a vitally important area for our country, which depends on energy," Abe said.
Asahi Breweries Ltd. launched "Gokujo & Kirare Ajinda" in January this year, raising its sales target to 4 million cases a year in April due to brisk sales.
Since an increase in tax revenue due to the economic recovery would not be enough to increase spending alone, it is necessary to use the JETRO's retained earnings and other nontax revenue.
In the job market for hiring new graduates, the number of job offers far outpaced that of job applicants.
Of the total, 97.3 pct fell 0.2 pct for male graduates and 97.8 pct for female graduates.
Capital spending was also down 0.3 pct as companies increasingly refrained from investing amid difficulties in the outlook for external demand.
The 1965 pact stipulates that if a "dispute" between Japan and South Korea cannot be resolved in bilateral talks, the settlement will be left to an arbitration committee comprising three members--a committee member appointed by the two countries and a third-party panel.
Exports to China fell 6.3 pct to 1,232.9 billion yen, down for the second straight month, and exports of semiconductor production equipment fell sharply.
Of the severe accidents, at least 99 cases were caused by the misuse of stoves and other reasons, of which 92 occurred at a stove with no cooking oil heating prevention devices or cancellation safety devices.
By category, "transportation and postal services" rose 1.2 pct and "various services" such as civil engineering buildings rose 1.1 pct.
The revised law will also oblige vehicles to be equipped with devices to record vehicle operating conditions and store such records in order to detect system glitches early and determine the cause of accidents.
If the FCA joins the three companies' alliance, the integrated corporate body will become the world's largest auto group with global sales of over 15 million units.
So far, the company has been working to introduce solar power generation equipment at some plants in Gunma Prefecture and to introduce electricity using renewable energy at Utsunomiya Plant, which manufactures aircraft.
Insurance will be applied to inspections using the system for some cancer patients, including those who end "standard treatment," which is widely recognized for its effects, such as surgery and radiation treatment.
Shiseido will boost sales of its own mid-priced products through a broad sales network with 15,000 outlets, mainly in China and other Asian countries, the sources said.
The disciplined power, which is allowed within the scope necessary for education and supervision of children, is being misused to justify parental abuse of children amid a series of child abuse cases, the sources said.
Of the park's five areas, three will open in autumn 22 and the other two in about a year.
The Osaka prefectural police department kept the purchase prices of police officers and employees low by buying a large number of models with reduced functions.
The United Nations estimates that the global population of people aged 60 or older will reach 2 billion in 2050, or 20 pct of the total population.
The company will operate the entire line between Shin-Sugita and Kanazawa-Yakkei every 10 minutes, with the number of trains running some 35 pct smaller than usual.
Local governments hoping to join the initiative will set up a forum with the central and private sectors to draw up plans that will include deregulation measures necessary to realize the envisioned plan and apply to the central government after obtaining consent from local residents, according to the bill.
Meanwhile, the number of bankruptcies rose by nine to 224 in the service industry, mainly in the food and beverage industry, where labor shortages are serious, and by three to 24 in the transport industry.
Nissin aims to partially replace petrochemical-derived plastic with plant-derived ones and raise the proportion of renewable resources used in cup noodles containers to 81 pct from the previous level of 71 pct.
Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga told a press conference on Wednesday, "We plan to carry out a demonstration study using sensors manufactured by the Defense Ministry on advanced optical satellites that the Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency, or JAXA, plans to launch in fiscal 2020."
On the relationship between Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe's visit to Iran and the attack, Suga said only, "The visit was highly valued by the Iranian side and was meaningful from the viewpoint of easing tensions in the region."
According to the survey, 50.1 pct said they have asked people who think the mandatory five-day paid leave to choose multiple answers.
Of 61.4 pct who said they are single because they do not meet with appropriate opponents, they said they have "nothing in particular to take action to look for opponents."
The measures included considering preferential treatment for transfer procedures for technical intern trainees who will move to the new Specified Skilled Worker No. 1 if they work at the same company as before.
Exports of semiconductor and other manufacturing equipment fell sharply by 30.4 pct due to falls in demand from China, South Korea and other countries.
The suspected arrest of the 2000 suspects is suspected of providing a total of some 69 million yen to the customer side in July 2016 in January this year to cover losses incurred in foreign exchange margin trading by the company's eight customers.
20000, associate professor, is set to say, "If the purpose of the Nazca's ground paintings is revealed by identifying and compared with birds offered to Shinto in religious ceremonies and those painted on earthware used on a daily basis."
The Empress Michiko arrived at the hospital around 1:30 a.m. at 10:30 a.m. on Sunday and left the hospital around 4:30 p.m.
The measures included active use of online surveys in order to reduce administrative burdens and improve the survey response rate.
Early Friday morning, the prince and his wife visited Warsaw University, the country's old city and the Imperial Palace, respectively.
In a press document released after the Japan-Russia summit, Noda said, "We welcome the two countries' continued negotiations vigorously under the resolve to accelerate peace treaty negotiations based on the 1956 Japan-Soviet joint declaration."
The smartphone was originally scheduled to go on sale in late May, but the company had stopped releasing it, saying it could be affected by the U.S. government's sanctions on Huawei.
Users will first use a dedicated smartphone app to take photos of their skin and measure sebum and water levels.
A special version of VoiceTra, which can support 15 languages including English, Chinese and Korean, was introduced at 376 of the country's 728 fire headquarters as of the end of 2018.
Meanwhile, the domestic stock market was slow to recover, and the GPIF lost 2,073.2 billion yen in investment in Japanese stocks, the first loss in three years.
According to the Japanese Foreign Ministry, a person who entered Russia from Vladivostok and tried to leave the country to a third country from Moscow has been fined for attempting to illegally leave the country.
At self-operated GS, employees will be allowed to refuel after checking whether they are ready for customers at their offices.|Japan Post Holdings Co. will allow employees to leave their offices and do other operations if they can get their permission out of tablet computers, the sources said.
The system will be able to respond to changes in the office's arrangement and sales floor plans even after construction.
It asked Internet service providers to voluntarily block connections to pirated sites.
The metropolitan government will take a disciplinary action against the officials concerned and will also consider making compensation claims to the officials.
Tokyo, July 18 (Jiji Press)--Japan's Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry said Thursday that the ministry plans to sell Japanese corporate aircraft parts to the company for electric aircraft envisioned by U.S. aircraft giant Boeing Co.
The statement said, "Our government can discuss with the Japanese side reasonable measures to win the understanding of the citizens and victims of the two countries, including measures to achieve a peaceful resolution of the issues that have already been presented."
The average annual pay rise "appears to reflect a rush to raise pay and improve treatment" in order to secure human resources, the sources said.
In its written opinion, South Korea claimed that it strictly carries out export controls to prevent the use of weapons of mass destruction in a third country as well as conventional weapons.
The Japanese Defense Ministry said, "No ballistic missile has been confirmed to fly to our country's territory or exclusive economic zone, or EEZ, and at present, no situation has been confirmed that would immediately affect our country's security."
At a report meeting after the latest ruling, Plaintiffs Chief Justice Hirokazu Nakaima, 71, criticized the ruling.
Suga said, "It's important for Japan and South Korea to firmly cooperate on issues that need to be coordinated."
Through the business alliance, the company will promote research and development with the aim of creating businesses in new fields by combining JTEKT's manufacturing technologies with AI-related deep planning and deep learning technologies based on connectem design.
Specifically, the proposal is expected to stop making unfounded claims by showing the Japanese side's claims to Chinese and South Korean researchers, the sources said.
Production at manufacturing industries is expected to rise 2.7 pct in July and 0.6 pct in August, the ministry said.
Kuroda indicated that the European and U.S. central banks may take "preventive easing steps" at a time when they are stepping up their easing stance.
The WCPFC is made up of 26 member countries and regions, including the Kitashokai, which comprises 10 member states and regions.
A U.S. Department of State official called on the two sides, an Asian ally, to act calmly, saying, "We need to be thoughtful so that tensions do not hurt economic and security ties between Japan and South Korea."
North Korea has launched short-range ballistic missiles on July 25 and Feung Heo bodies into the Sea of Japan also on Wednesday and Friday.
The Agency for Cultural Affairs has adopted a subsidy of some 78 million yen but has not given it to international arts festivals, including special exhibitions.
In the reporting month, the ministry returned the method to a full-scale survey for the first time in about 15 and a half years from this time for large companies in Tokyo that were subject to the extracted survey.
"This cross embodies the cruelty of war and the suffering that war poses," the 2000 chief said.
In a different scene of the meeting with Abe, Esper criticized China for increasing its influence beyond the Asian region, saying, "It is destabilizing the region, military action and predatory economic action are threatening international rules."
The investigation report on the falsification issue states that the Kinki Local Finance Bureau strongly opposed an instruction by the ministry's Science and Finance Bureau on the falsification.
Of the 28 infections surveyed, at least 20 were infected via wild boars, according to the ministry.
Aircraft using Haneda previously flew over Tokyo Bay, but on the new route, they also pass over central Tokyo, including Shibuya, Shinjuku and Shinagawa.
The number of bankruptcies increased at nine of the 10 industries surveyed.
The survey, planned for fiscal 20, will cover a wide range of items related to children, including the child's poverty rate, diet and learning proficiency, and involvement with local communities, according to the officials.
The move came as the ministry aims to create attractive spaces in the city, along with compact urban development, in which houses, commercial facilities and other facilities are collected in central areas to cope with the country's falling population.
In a letter sent to U.S. President Donald Trump, North Korean leader Kim Jong Un "slightly apologized" for short-range missile launches and indicated his intention to stop the launch after the end of U.S. and South Korean military exercises on Tuesday.
"Opposition parties other than Ishin should respond to discussions at the Constitutional Review Board set up to discuss the revised items," Baba went on to say.
"It is our mission to live in the current era to revise the constitution in line with the times," he said.
This time, a popular "Tapioca milk tea" restaurant opened in Japan from Taiwan, which ignited popularity, industry sources said.
In recent years, Germany has emphasized relations with Japan as a partner that shares values due to the rise of China and worsening relations with U.S. President Donald Trump.
Tokyo, Aug. 21 (Jiji Press)--Japan's Ministry of Land, Infrastructure, Transport and Tourism said Wednesday that it will allocate 24 of 50 flights a day to and from Haneda airport on international routes, which will increase from March 2020, on routes between Japan and the United States.
The Aso area is popular among South Koreans who enjoy golf, and the number of golf customers usually increases in winter.
Specifically, the service will allow elderly people in the room to confirm their behavior with smartphones of nursing care workers and improve the efficiency of night safety checks and other measures.
Unofficial sites are sometimes shown as advertisements in Internet search results, and consumers sometimes mistake them for official sites and access them, according to the center.
Tokyo, Aug. 28 (Jiji Press)--Japan's Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare said Wednesday that the number of employees with disabilities was below the required level at 17 of 44 institutions as of June 1 this year.
Sudan, which is suspended from the AU, is allowed to attend only related meetings, with 53 African countries taking part in the plenary meeting of the international conference.
The proportion of all Recruit HD shares held by business companies other than individual investors and institutional investors will top 30 pct as of the end of June.
The president said Japan will increase the budget for such areas by more than double from the current level in order to strengthen competitiveness in such areas as materials and parts, for which Japan has tightened export controls.
But according to the survey as of June last year, only 116 of the country's 728 firefighting headquarters have introduced the use of drones, while 72 headquarters have actually used them.
In order to avoid mistransmission of the data, users will be required to submit the data to a dedicated system, instead of e-mails to the court, according to the sources.
The insurance business law prohibits policyholders from telling them important matters, such as insurance premiums and compensation details, or allowing them to switch contracts without telling them of facts that would be disadvantageous.
In 2018, Toyota produced some 129,000 vehicles at the plant, accounting for 8.5 pct of all vehicles produced in Britain this year.
"Before the tax hike, I came to buy a TV that I put in the living room in a rush," said a company employee in the city of Osaka, who came with a family.
As to the impact of the latest move in tariffs on the Japanese and global economies, Suga said, "We want to refrain from responding with forethought."
MaaS Global currently operates services in Finland, Belgium and Britain, aiming to offer them in Japan as well.
Five of the seven component indicators improved on the back of robust automobile-related shipments and production.
The agency has called for "refraining from using such products and consulting with the closest medical institution if there are ill-health conditions, such as diarrhea, after the use of ketogenne for health foods."
A proposal to increase out-of-pocket medical expenses under the health insurance system for elderly people to 20 pct from the current 10 pct has emerged, while out-of-pocket spending by users of nursing care services is being considered.
The His Holiness has taken an opposition to the death penalty system, with remarks about Japan's death penalty system drawing attention.
The average price rose 19.5 pct to 64.05 million yen, fueled by the launch of relatively high-priced condominiums in Tokyo's 23 densely populated wards, including one by athletes' village condominiums.
Due to a sense of caution over China, which is rapidly emerging in the IT and other fields, the U.S. administration of President Donald Trump last year decided to toughen screening of foreign investors.
In August this year, the Japanese government added 20 industries, including integrated circuits, mobile phones and software, to those subject to mandatory prior notification for foreign capital.
20000 said, "Our stores focus on consultation operations."
In Chiba Prefecture, a total of six people were required to be hospitalized for at least three weeks, 201 people were required to be hospitalized for a short time and 289 people were affected by mild symptoms.
In the logistics industry, Yamato Holdings has already installed parcel delivery boxes with over 4,000 units and Japan Post Co. with over 300 units.
Bereaved families started signing activities on the street and blog to indict and punish 20,000 suspects, saying that severe punishments for perpetrators would lead to the prevention of a recurrence.
The current initial salary is set at 133,500 yen per month for SDF candidates with term of office and 169,900 yen for general sergeant candidates for full-time employment in principle, both below the 171,200 yen set for police officers employed at central government agencies.
Meanwhile, the number of targeted e-mail attacks, in which people send virus-tainted e-mails in order to steal important information from companies and others, rose 4.2 pct to 2,687 in the first half of this year.
In mid-every month, the ministry released the previous month's export and import results in a preliminary report and later released additional detailed export results for each product name and other items.
But 20,000 said, "Many people who shop at major supermarkets every day are unsure whether to go to small and midsize supermarkets."
There were no overcharges for passengers who used commuter passes or paid in cash.
Under the policy, the government will also work to strengthen production bases for the target products, help companies expand overseas and boost competitiveness in domestic industries.
Abe instructed related government officials to make all-out efforts to collect and analyze information on the missile launch, such as promptly and accurately providing information to the public and thorough safety checks on aircraft and ships.
In September, the consumer confidence index was the largest decline since February 2016, down 1.9 pct due to a slump in the stock market.
