RCEP confirmed its policy of focusing on negotiations so that a ministerial meeting will be held in Tokyo on July 1 and a leaders' meeting in Singapore in late November for conclusion.
Fukushima, July 29 (Jiji Press)--J-Village, a national soccer center facility used for more than seven years as a base to respond to the March 2011 nuclear accident, and some facilities in Ago, Fukushima Prefecture, northeastern Japan, have resumed normal operations.
Evacuation advisories and orders were issued to many residents in the city of Hiroshima and other areas hit by the heavy rain that started this month.
In the peace declaration, the outline states the devastation of the atomic bombings and the inhumanity of nuclear weapons, while at the same time asking nuclear weapons states and others to establish security that does not depend on nuclear weapons.
The rate of men's smokers fell 0.4 point to 27.8 pct, and that of women dropped 0.3 point to 8.7 pct, both hitting record lows.
The MSDF plans to have another Aegis ship launch also in 2019, while Haijing Aegis ships will be put on the alert for eight in 21.
Berlin, July 29 (Jiji Press)--All of you, 18 pct, from Japan came second in the men's junior division at the Barna International Ballet Competition, which is believed to be one of the three largest ballet competition in the world.
In the situation on the Korean Peninsula, the ministers are "welcoming" the leaders' meeting between the U.S. and North Korea in April and June, respectively, calling for continued efforts to realize the denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula.
Before seasonal adjustment for the number of new job openings by industry, the month-on-month ratio was up 4.0 pct for construction, 3.8 pct for medical and welfare, and 3.5 pct for manufacturing, including automakers.
Meanwhile, information and communications services were down 11.2 pct, and accommodation and restaurant services were down 3.2 pct.
The shipment index stood at minus 101.3, down 0.2 pct, due chiefly to falls in shipments of petroleum and coal products during routine checks at oil refineries.
The BOJ will keep its negative interest rate policy, under which minus 0.1 pct is applied to current account deposits held by financial institutions with the BOJ, unchanged, while the target of the negative rate to be applied will be reduced to around 5 trillion yen from around 10 trillion yen at present.
Tokyo, July 31 (Jiji Press)--Prosecutors have voluntarily questioned around 10 senior ministry officials in a corruption case involving senior ministry officials, it was learned Tuesday through a Jiji Press interview.
According to informed sources, Gorenho is also believed to have sought several education ministry executives, including a former senior official of the sports agency, for the suspects.
There are emerging proposals for using plutonium held by TEPCO Holdings, which cannot be restarted due to suspended operations, at other companies' nuclear power plants.
Of them, domestic and overseas investments received responses from 2,059 and 867, respectively.
Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga said at a press conference on Wednesday, "The government will accelerate preparations for the ceremony associated with the Imperial succession and make sure that the ceremony is held without a hitch."
The gap between domestic lending and deposit rates narrowed at four of the five, excluding Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Holdings.
Tokyo, Aug. 2 (Jiji Press)--Damage from special fraud, such as furikome fraud, in Japan for the first half of this year to June fell 7.1 pct from a year before to 1330 million yen, down for the fourth straight term, a National Police Agency tally showed Thursday.
The National Police Agency said that although the overall number of such frauds has been reduced due to a sharp decrease in refund scams, "goodwill" frauds are increasing, indicating that the situation remains extremely serious.
Toshiba said there is no change to its previous estimate as the company has factored its turnaround into its earnings projections for the full year ending in March 2019.
Singapore, Aug. 2 (Jiji Press)--Japanese Foreign Minister Taro Kono and his South Korean counterpart, Kang Kyung-hwa, confirmed Thursday close collaboration among Japan and South Korea, as well as three other countries--Japan, the United States and South Korea--toward the denuclearization of North Korea.
While Kono also expressed concern about the situation in the South China Sea, where China is becoming a military base, Wang said that the situation is heading for a stable direction.
Imatsushima, Miyagi Pref., Aug. 2 (Jiji Press)--Prime Minister Shinzo Abe indicated Thursday that the government will complete the relocation of people affected by the March 2011 disaster living in temporary housing in the two prefectures of Iwate and Miyagi to public housing by fiscal 2020.
In June alone, Japan logged a trade deficit of 3.4 pct to 5.3 billion dollars, down for the third straight month.
Singapore, Aug. 3 (Jiji Press)--Japanese Foreign Minister Taro Kono had a brief conversation with his North Korean counterpart, Ri Yong Ho, in Singapore on Friday night.
The judge dismissed the defense's claim that the third-party DNA type detected in the pressure-sensitive cover attached to the girl's body was the real culprit, judging that it may have been mixed in the fingerprint-detection work.
Of those who did not evacuate, over 80 pct said they did not feel the urgent need to evacuate or thought their homes were all right, respectively.
Some members pointed out that the BOJ's massive purchases of Japanese government bonds "have come to be seen in various ways" as a side effect on the liquidity and functions of the Japanese government bond market.
After gaining information on the records, the ministry sent an official to Mongolia in June to confirm that the records exist.
Records of criminal trials will be kept by the District Public Prosecutors Office, which was in charge of the first trial, for up to 100 years, but records other than the ruling are often scrapped after the expiration of this storage period.
Rishiri, Hokkaido, Aug. 4 (Jiji Press)--Emperor Akihito and Empress Michiko, who are on a three-day trip to Hokkaido from Friday, visited Rishiri, an island close to the northernmost Japan prefecture, for the first time on Saturday.
Representing the organizer, Harumi Takahashi, governor of Hokkaido, said, "We will be proud of the diverse values and attractions that our predecessors have honed over a long period of time, while passing down the invaluable old village of Hokkaido, northern Japan, to generations 50 years ahead and 100 years ahead."
Singapore, Aug. 5 (Jiji Press)--Japanese Foreign Minister Taro Kono and his Singaporean counterpart, Bibihan Barakrishna, on Sunday agreed to strengthen Japan's ties with the Association of Southeast Asian Nations.
The 83-day deputy head of the Hiroshima Prefectural Association of Korean Hibakusha, or Hibakusha, pointed to the aging of hibakusha who returned to North Korea after the war.
Overcharges were made at 123 of the company's 128 sites across Japan, according to the ministry.
Some hibakusha said they could have told their grandchildren that they were unable to speak to their children.
According to the prefectural disaster response headquarters, evacuation advisories were issued to some 1.52 million people in Hiroshima, but about 6,000 people were actually evacuated.
While the surface of the gold coin is upheld to symbolize Emperor Akihito, and that of the Emperor Akihito and the Empress Michiko each represent the Emperor and Empress, the surface of the copper coin features a design of a wand used in the 1959 parlor of the Emperor and the Empress.
With a front on the northern side of the typhoon, Typhoon 13, the Japan Meteorological Agency called for people on the Kanto-Koshin and Tohoku Pacific sides to be on high alert for heavy rain, hailstorms and high waves from before the typhoon approach.
A Japan Meteorological Agency official said that residents in areas that may be affected want to be evacuated early, following evacuation advisories by relevant local governments.
Four of the seven indicators, which can be compared with the previous month, deteriorated.
Tokyo, Aug. 7 (Jiji Press)--The Ministry of Finance revised up its economic assessment for Hokkaido in a quarterly regional economic report Tuesday, while the Chugoku region, which was hit by heavy rain in July, gave up its decision.
Talks on issues related to the deployment, such as environmental conservation and compensation in the event of an accident, had been suspended since the Land's helicopter crash in Kanzaki, Saga Prefecture, southwestern Japan, took place in February.
Wind speed is 25 meters or more within 70 kilometers of the center of the typhoon, and wind speed is 15 meters or more within 560 kilometers east of the center and 280 kilometers west of the center.
The Japanese insurer will also aim to expand its Australian operations by forming a sales tie-up with the Suncorp group and capitalizing on the group's sales network.
This is the second application for the NRA's checks on the adequacy of construction-suspended nuclear reactors under new regulatory standards, after the J-Power utility in December 2014 requested the NRA review of the Oma plant and the town of Oma in Aomori Prefecture.
"As Lawson operates across Japan, we hope to contribute to regional economies together with financial institutions in each region," he said.
Questions in the survey include the number of examinees and the number of successful applicants by gender and age in the past six years.
To this end, the fish wholesaler will work with wholesalers to store frozen tuna in trucks with powerful freezing machines until just before 4:30 a.m., when the place of sale opens.
At the 2016 summit, Japan and Russia designated 18 years as an exchange year for Japan and Russia.
Revenue from lotteries will serve as valuable financial resources for local governments, but it has been on a declining trend, with its revenue falling to 299.6 billion yen in fiscal 2017 from 439.8 billion yen in fiscal 2005.
In fiscal 2016, 60.3 pct of the schools handled school lunches on their own, while 39.7 pct of the schools are handled by local governments, according to a survey by the education ministry.
The envisaged LDP special council will urge the government to secure funds for the issues outside the regular budget for science, technology and universities.
Two years after JX Holdings and TonenGeneral Sekiyu were created through the business integration, Idemitsu and Showa Shell were also integrated in April 2019, when the industry is heading for a three-strong age.
Sao Paulo, Aug. 14 (Jiji Press)--Japanese Foreign Minister Taro Kono and his Peruvian counterpart, Newhere Popolicio, agreed Tuesday to urge the Benignan president, Nicolas Madro, to democratize.
Abe paid the "tamagushi fee" as an agent, under the name of LDP President Shinzo Abe, a special aide to party President Masahiko Shibayama, who visited the Shinto shrine on his behalf.
After an explosive eruption occurred at Mount Shindake on May 29, 2015, when the agency raised its alert for an eruption requiring immediate evacuation to 5, all residents were forced to evacuate outside the island.
As no eruption occurred last after a very small eruption on June 19, 2015, the agency lowered its volcanic alert level for eruption to 3 from 5 in June 2016 and to Level 2 in April this year.
Meanwhile, the number of visitors to Japan from China rose 12.6 pct to 879,100, Taiwan up 3.1 pct to 460,500 and the United States up 13.4 pct to 146,700.
According to the ministry, the prefectural air station for disaster management informed the ministry of the helicopter's flight plan at 8:53 a.m., just before the flight on Friday.
In addition, the prefectural air disaster management team was found to have informed the ministry's Tokyo Airport office of its arrival around 11:19 a.m. on Friday, even though the helicopter had not arrived at the heliport in Maebashi.
One of the experts reported that the DNA type of the Japanese was five and that of the Filipinos was 54 among the remains of 110 people who tested positive.
Tokyo, Aug. 17 (Jiji Press)--The Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology said Friday that high school students in Japan won three gold medals and one silver medal at the 12th International Geology Olympics in Thailand, which opened this month.
The ministry will increase the number of immigration inspectors and immigration officers to strictly assess the employment status of foreigners and deal with illegal stays in Japan.
The meeting will include a G-20 summit of the Group of 20 advanced and emerging economies slated to be held in Osaka in June.
Face photos are taken by cameras attached to unmanned gates and are automatically checked against those of passport holders with IC chips to check who they are.
"We must promote cooperation in order to increase the number of parties further," he said, indicating his intention to step up efforts to increase the number of such parties.
Of the 18 areas in the RCEP negotiations, 16 countries, including China, have already agreed on four areas, including government procurement, customs procedures and trade facilitation.
The use of nursing robots, which help people excrete and walk, is expected to substantially reduce the physical burden on nursing care workers and help ease labor shortages in the nursing care industry.
Later in the day, Suga cited issues including promotion of the distribution of used handsets and the removal of SIM locks to make handsets sold by mobile carriers available for use on lines of other companies.
The total number of foreign guests in the six northeastern prefectures in 2017 stood at some 950,000, up some 90 pct from 10 years, but the proportion stood at only 1.3 pct.
The ministry is considering requesting 5,093.1 billion yen for the fiscal 2019 draft budget, up 11.8 pct from the previous year's budget.
Japan and the United States are fully in line with the policy of realizing full denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula, Abe said.
The South American country eased its regulations substantially in December 2012, although it had continued to impose restrictions on Fukushima products, such as obliging them to submit production place certificates and radioactive material inspection certificates.
The four companies are expected to negotiate for joint work to build and decommission domestic nuclear power reactors, as well as the establishment of a new company to undertake the maintenance of nuclear power plants, sources familiar with the matter said.
The agency issued high-temperature caution information to Hokuriku and other Sea of Japan coastal areas, calling attention to heatstroke.
Of the five, at least the president at the time instructed continued shipments of such products even after the revelation of the irregularities, according to the company's Policy Board, which makes auto parts.
While an evacuation order was issued for part of the city of Katano, Osaka Prefecture, western Japan, many municipalities in western Japan, including the city of Marugame, Kagawa Prefecture, received evacuation orders.
Fukui, Aug. 25 (Jiji Press)--The government carried out comprehensive disaster drills on Saturday on the assumption that Kansai Electric's Oi and Takahama nuclear power plants both in the central Japan prefecture of Fukui suffered serious accidents.
The experimental vehicle is equipped with a ZMO-developed self-driving system in the minivan, which automatically carries out handle, air pressure and brake operations.
After the ruling, the victim's daughter, 49, told reporters, "I think the ruling is light compared with the weight of my mother's life, and the laws do not suit the times."
In 2017, the number of new cases of HIV with AID virus fell by 35 to 976, while the number of new patients who had already developed AIDS fell by 24 to 413.
Fraud was found at 27 of over 80 pct of the 33 central government agencies surveyed.
Tokyo, Aug. 28 (Jiji Press)--The Internal Affairs and Communications Ministry's Fire and Disaster Management Agency plans to beef up safety measures for disaster prevention helicopters held by local governments in the wake of a recent fatal accident involving disaster-control helicopters, a Jiji Press interview showed Tuesday.
The document touched on Chinese President Xi Jinping's remark that his country will accelerate the development of intelligence militarization, deter war and win war.
Tokyo, Aug. 29 (Jiji Press)--The Cabinet Office plans to extend a system under which companies that have donated to local governments working for regional revitalization receive tax benefits, sources familiar with the plan told Jiji Press on Wednesday, saying that a corporate version of the "furusato nozei" tax payment system, launched in 2016, will extend the current deadline by five years to fiscal 2019.
The ministry will also seek to obtain one jet and one map plane to reinforce its system for marine surveillance and marine surveys.
Japan needs to determine what defense capabilities are really necessary for the country, instead of considering the issue as an extension of its conventional policy, he stressed.
At a parliamentary meeting the same day, some companies and organizations that attended the meeting asked the Japanese government to closely cooperate with U.S. aviation authorities in the wake of the U.S. government's consideration of drawing up air regulations for flying vehicles.
Abe, who has made strong ties with Trump one of his selling points, stressed that "Japan-U.S. ties have never been so strong" even in his planned local trip to the leadership race of the ruling Liberal Democratic Party in September.
Of the total, 24.7 billion yen will go to a summit of the Group of 20 countries and regions in Osaka in June and 1.2 billion yen to the Seventh Tokyo International Conference on African Development, or TICAD VII, in Kanagawa in August.
The figure was down 1.4 pct at 35,847 units for rent, down for the 14th consecutive month, partly reflecting a decrease in private-sector apartment supply.
Since two years ago, the NPO, to which some 110 free school operators and related groups in Japan are members, has introduced on its Web site information on organizations offering shelters and providing free telephone consultations during the period.
Although the fishermen's side claims dolphin fishing is traditional and cultural in Japan, the current fishing is not traditional because ships and fishing equipment have changed far from what they used to be, the organizer claimed.
Bombers capable of carrying the missile were seen passing through airspace between Okinawa's main island and Miyakojima last year to expand into areas off the Kinoshita Peninsula or passing through the Tsushima Strait.
The growth was attributed chiefly to spending growth at information and communications machinery, chemical products and transport machinery makers, including semiconductors.
Recurring profits at manufacturers increased 27.5 pct to 10,047.6 billion yen, thanks to growth in information and communications machinery makers and production machinery makers.
Combined sales at all companies surveyed rose 5.1 pct to 344,061.9 billion yen, supported by increased sales of electronic parts for use in vehicles and industrial machinery, and brisk exports of vehicles to Asia, the federation said.
Meanwhile, the rainy season in the Kanto eastern Japan region, including Tokyo, was confirmed around June 29, the earliest since the year.
At a press conference on Tuesday, the chief cabinet secretary also said, "It is important that business, university and other parties concerned discuss students while giving due heed to them," indicating that the government will carefully watch the course of discussions.
This is "an emergency," Matsui told a press conference, where he said the airport's functions would have to be enhanced by entrance and exit functions from overseas if they deteriorate.
In order to collect information, the government set up a government office at the crisis management center of the prime minister's office.
Meanwhile, the total requests for "zaito" fiscal investment and loan program fell 12.9 pct from the previous year to 12,059.3 billion yen, the lowest level in the past 20 years, due to a downtrend in demand for financial investment reflecting the economic recovery.
Meanwhile, Ranjawan Tokyo Co., which undertakes telephone interpretation and other operations, has started offering free interpretation services via phone calls for 12 languages, including English and Korean.
The infectious disease, known as swine corella, occurs in swine and boars.
Eating meat from infected pork does not cause infections among people.
Meanwhile, only one of the three manufacturing lines at the plant, which makes canned beer and other products, resumed operations.
The prime minister also said he plans to carry out a consumption tax hike from 8 pct to 10 pct in October next year as scheduled.
If the ministry pass the increase on to retail prices, the increase of household-use thin flour will be around 3.8 yen per kilogram, the ministry said.
All but 46 pct of BOJ's helpers, who work for another rescue dog, recall that it had been difficult for the rescue dog to cling to human snakes because earth and sand had covered the house.
The Finance Ministry said that although the negative effects of the heavy rain in July in western Japan were seen in some parts of the Chugoku and Shikoku regions, the effects on the overall Japanese economy would be limited "because the latest survey reflects an overall economic trend where the economy is recovering moderately," a Finance Ministry official said.
Applicants who are born on or before April 1, 2002, can choose up to three areas of their choice, from nine areas--guidance, sports, transportation support, attels, operational support, healthcare, technology, the media and ceremonies.
At the time of a series of earthquakes in Kumamoto in 2016, the Web site introduced a system allowing unaffected municipalities to accept donations and issue recipient certificates on behalf of affected municipalities, in order to reduce the burden on affected municipalities.
By contrast, prices of electric and transport equipment each fell 0.4 pct.
About 60 pct of the 414 cases involved violations of laws and regulations, such as not going across a cross-section road while being near a hillside path.
The Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry will aim to lower the purchase price from a company of 18 yen per kilowatt-hour to 8.5 yen in fiscal 2224 and from a household to 11 yen in fiscal 2527 from 26 yen in fiscal 2018.
Abe refutes, saying that his policy is not a rivalry between regional and Tokyo economies, adding, "Prices of farm produce in rural areas will rise if Tokyo's economy improves."
Although the award-winning research itself did not bear fruit, "this study became the home of my research aimed at reducing the death toll from enterial cancer," Govt told Jiji Press before the award ceremony.
Later in the day, the U.S. special representative vowed to give all the power to help Japanese victims return home, at a meeting with the director-general of the abductee families' association.
Tokyo, Sept. 14 (Jiji Press)--The public support rate for the cabinet of Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe rose 3.2 percentage points from the previous month to 41.7 pct, outpacing disapproval for the first time in seven months, a Jiji Press opinion poll showed Friday.
Mitsubishi Heavy plans to use part of some 120 billion yen to resolve the debt excess in fiscal 2018, especially through such steps as debt stock acquisition, informed sources said.
The ministry also said the number of people aged 70 or over came to 26.18 million, accounting for 20.7 pct of the total population.
The rating hike came after the ministry decided to pay 27 billion yen for the E2D early-warning aircraft, which has increased its ability to detect and acquire one plane with the U.S. government's chartered military aid FMS Day, in order to beef up Air Self's surveillance capabilities over the Nansei islands.
The number of international flights by Kansai International Airport before the disaster of Typhoon 21 was around 170 a day, but the number of flights has dropped to around 70 at present.
Exports increased 5.3 pct to 1,024.9 billion yen, thanks to increases in such items as medicines, construction and mining machinery, while imports also increased 21.5 pct to 790.1 billion yen, a record high for August, thanks to increased aircraft purchases, the ministry said.
The Ficco group will also consider acquiring a majority stake in Tech Bureau and sending a majority of board members.
Hayabusa-2 dropped the Minerva 2-1 survey robot toward the north side of the asteroid's equator at around 4:06 a.m. when it reached some 55 meters above the surface of the Cupola, or Cupollini, at around 4:06 a.m., when Cupolis Thursday, the spacecraft began to descend from 20 kilometers above.
Harmex, Canada, Sept. 20 (Jiji Press)--The environment, marine and energy ministers of the Group of Seven advanced economies agreed Thursday to promote the recycling of plastic waste and develop disposal technologies as part of efforts to reduce emissions of marine plastic debris.
Output rose 0.5 pct to 6,813,000 tons of cast steel, mainly made of iron ore, while output rose 2.2 pct to 1,992,000 tons of electric furnace steel, which uses scrap iron.
By type, sales of H-steel, which is used for large buildings and other products, were up 1.3 pct, and those of small-size ballooned steel for use in houses and other products were up 1.2 pct.
While Trump has been slapped with additional tariffs on imported vehicles and parts, Abe hopes to avoid additional tariffs imposed by the U.S. president, by underscoring the importance of international rule-based free trade, according to informed sources.
The DI is calculated by deducting the percentage of companies seeing business conditions as bad from that of firms seeing them as good.
The Defense Ministry set aside a budget for research and development on gliders for fiscal 2018, which also calls for 13.8 billion yen in related spending for the next fiscal year starting in April.
Newspaper and magazine advertising also saw growth of 9.7 pct and 4.3 pct, respectively.
The average premium rate was also up, at a record 9.167 pct, as 204 cooperatives raised their premium rates.
In recent years, transport demand for auto parts, electronic parts and other items between the two regions has increased substantially, the sources said.
The Tokai No. 2 will expire on Nov. 27, when the 40-year operational period is extended, unless a separate series of approvals by the Nuclear Regulation Authority, including a construction plan listing detailed designs of equipment and facilities.
In a statement, the panel said that individual management decisions were made under the responsibility of TEPCO management and that supporting TEPCO would not cause major obstacles to compensation and decommissioning work for residents and companies affected by the nuclear accident, adding that it is not problematic.
At its mainstay Oppama plant in Yokosuka, Kanagawa Prefecture, south of Tokyo, and four other plants in Japan, the company allegedly rewrote emissions data or treated invalid data as valid data, according to Nissan.
The agency advises people who have never been infected with rubella and those who have not received vaccinations.
While Rowhani asked for cooperation to continue the nuclear pact, Abe stressed that it is important for Japan to keep implementing it.
The international cargo volume fell 10 pct to 168,510 tons, while the amount of fuel refueling by the jet was down 2 pct at 373,805 kiloliters.
The EU was responding to the start of talks on tariff cuts for industrial products, excluding automobiles, in exchange for escaping auto tariffs.
Referring to a recent survey by the Japan Federation of Health, Labor and Welfare Councillors, or Keidanren, Govt said some elderly people are also calling for a hike in the proportion of elderly out-of-pocket expenses.
Regarding his relationship with the General Association of Korean Residents in Japan, or Chongryon, said the presiding judge pointed out that there are reasonable suspicions that Korean schools have been intervened beyond limits by Chongryon and are thus controlled in a way that distorts the independence of education.
According to Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga, speaking at a press conference, Abe told Trump at the meeting, "It is important for the country to strengthen its defense capabilities that it will continue to introduce high-performance equipment, including U.S. equipment, to respond to the severe security environment."
The rise apparently reflects an increase in the number of foreign residents in Japan, such as studying abroad and finding jobs there.
The team observed a maximum instantaneous wind speed of 56.2 meters, the strongest ever, before 1 p.m. on a 10:00 a.m. Greenwich Standard Time in Nanjo, Okinawa Prefecture.
The company, which is in business reconstruction, plans to hire 1,500 people, or slightly over 1.7 times more than the company's "shunto" spring record of 18, in April 2019, the same level as the company's hiring in April 2015 before its accounting fraud came to light.
The government is working out a supplementary budget in two stages, with the first revision chiefly for recovery from recent natural disasters, such as a massive earthquake in Hokkaido, northern Japan, last month, and the second revision for disaster prevention-related projects.
The Japanese automaker had sought a new partner in August by scrapping its capital tie-up with Toyota.
The proposed lump-sum payments will also be paid to those who have agreed to nonfertility surgeries and who have underwent all kinds of surgeries, such as enucleation.
Nemuro, Hokkaido, Oct. 5 (Jiji Press)--A public-private joint mission on Japan-Russia joint economic activities on the four disputed Northern Islands returned to Nemuro port in Hokkaido, northern Japan, on Friday after finishing activities there.
Toshiyuki Matsumori, director of the Japan Meteorological Agency's Earthquake and Tsunami Surveillance Division, said that quake activities in the area will continue for the time being.
The 50 pct who run the farm in the Tomizato district of the town of Atsuma, where four people died in the mudslide, put their hands together at the then Gogoyosan, 39 pct, a friend who died in the disaster.
The IOC asked the Tokyo Organizing Committee last month to move up the starting time for the sport, the officials said, adding that the boat federation has an intention to end the sport in the morning to protect its athletes from midsummer heat.
"The trend in the world is to reduce slaughter punishment," he said, adding that the municipal government's plan is that slaughter punishment is unavoidable.
The company saw its operating revenue grow only marginally due to the closure of unprofitable stores, while net profit grew sharply to 30.3 billion yen, up 35.8 pct, thanks to a profit from the sale of a Hong Kong supermarket subsidiary.
Although Myanmar was the top-tier country in the February survey, along with Singapore, Japan rose to the top spot in the latest rankings as Myanmar has been exempt from visas for Japanese tourists since the start of this month.
Uny Famima aims to concentrate its management resources on core convenience store operations by separating its slumping supermarket operations.
Tokyo, Oct. 11 (Jiji Press)--About 90 pct of 380 municipalities that have been asked by the Ministry of Internal Affairs and Communications to review their "furusato nozei" return items, a system of donations to local governments, will review them as requested, a Jiji Press survey showed Thursday.
According to a business plan submitted by the metropolitan government to the Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries Ministry in August, fishery product handling at the Toyosu market in fiscal 2023 is estimated at 616,400 tons, up 60 pct from that at the Tsukiji market in 2017.
The survey also showed that 56.8 pct of pet owners said they would go to evacuation centers without fail, while 10 pct answered they would not go to evacuation centers to stay with their animals.
The G-20 faces trade friction between its members, but disagreements should be resolved directly by members involved in the friction, he said.
In order to prevent excessive refunds, the Ministry of Internal Affairs and Communications has sent notices to local governments that call for curbing the procurement prices of returned items to 30 pct or less of the donations.
In addition to joint procurement of products, Aeon and Fuji will jointly develop private brand products for sale in the Shikoku and Chugoku regions, where Fuji is based.
Besides Ehime, Fuji operates a total of over 90 general and food supermarkets in three prefectures--Kagawa, Kochi and Tokushima--and two prefectures--in the Chugoku region of Hiroshima and Yamaguchi.
The final ruling appears to have found the man guilty based only on his confessions during his investigation, but Kumamoto District Court and Fukuoka High Court both denied the credibility of the confessions in the retrial request.
At Takagi Chemical, a researcher who had been studying stints at a university had started research about six years ago on full-artificial farming of the "Baikamatsutake" plant.
On the reason for the decision to introduce the system, the ministry explained that it is necessary to introduce a missile that will allow SDF members to deal with it safely from outside the threat zone of their opponents.
The crested ibis project started in 2008, with a total of 308 birds released so far in Japan.
As for trading methods, three types of tests will be conducted, including the auction method, which is established when the prices of buy and sell orders match each other.
After the NRA examined a total of 110 tunnels that are being inspected by the three companies in fiscal 2016 and fiscal 2017, all of them had not been checked by fiberscope.
The 727.5 billion yen will include disposal of disaster debris, financial support for affected small and midsize businesses and assistance for the restoration of the Kansai International Airport Liaison Bridge damaged by a tanker swept through large typhoons.
Of them, 21 groups have been found to have suffered damage, 11 have found it difficult to investigate and 14 have been investigating it.
He is expected to present a specific negotiation purpose with Japan 30 days before the start of the negotiations.
The system failure occurred on one of the four lines linking the TSE's trading system and brokerage firm on Oct. 9.
The government will therefore ask cardholders and settlement service firms to reduce commission fees during the period.
He played for the fourth straight time since the 2004 Men's Olympic Games.
The government hopes to finish the committee's screening of the revised draft by the end of the week, so that the LDP and its coalition partner, New Komeito, will finish their respective legal establishment procedures within the two parties and submit them to the Diet within next week.
The total number of customers visiting stores fell 2.6 pct, down for the first time in two months, to 1,343.28 million, but purchases per customer visiting store increased 6.3 pct to 623 yen, reflecting the demand, the association said.
The report showed that lending increased mainly among companies with relatively low creditworthiness, as financial institutions' lending stance had been loosened due to large-scale monetary easing.
A law aimed at realizing the initiative was enacted in September 2012, but the plan has not been realized due to the reluctance of the Japanese government's Diet, and ministries in charge of economic and industry, and agriculture, forestry and fisheries, according to the sources.
The blackouts in Hokkaido, northernmost Japan, were attributed chiefly to the postdisaster halt of all three Hokkaido Electric Power Co.'s Tomahigashi Atoma thermal power plant, which had covered about half of its in-Hokkaido power consumption until the Sept. 6 earthquake, as well as shutdowns of hydroelectric power plants due to electricity transmission line damage.
Meanwhile, price hikes continued for civil engineering, automotive and job placement services on the back of labor shortages.
Of the 538 locations across Japan that carried out the survey, all of them were found to have suffered cancer at six manufacturing sites, for a total of eight people.
The test delivery will be carried out some 9 kilometers between a post office in the city of Minamisoma and a post office in the town of Namie.
Kogo also paid respects at the Imperial Palace, which honors the spirits of past Emperor and Imperial family members, and the shrine, which honors the Emperor all over the country.
The Japanese side will continue to urge China to ease its embargo, aiming to realize the easing by Chinese President Xi Jinping's visit to Japan expected to come next year.
The Emperor and the Empress have attended almost every such event since the first one held in Oita Prefecture, southwestern Japan, in 1981.
The Trump administration has complained that Japan has tariff and nontariff barriers in the areas of automobiles, agriculture and services, and fierce debate is expected on both sides over these areas, observers said.
Hitachi and SBI will use their massive settlement data to provide a variety of new services, including management advice to clients and prevention of fraudulent settlements, the sources said.
Some 47,000 SDF troops and 9,500 U.S. troops will participate in such drills as ballistic missile defense and defending remote islands.
Under current international taxation rules, the government cannot tax foreign companies without such headquarters as factories and branches within its jurisdiction in principle.
An interim report on digital taxation compiled by the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development, or OECD, in March calls for reviewing the taxable principles.
After Abe congratulated him on the speech, the Crown Prince stood at the bottom of the toil and said, "We hope you will help each other and build a family with unabated energy."
Of the four components of the index, those for livelihood deteriorated for the second straight month, while those for income growth and the employment environment deteriorated, respectively.
Meanwhile, KDDI, which is strengthening its services outside core, such as settlement services and Internet mail-order sales, will use Rakuten's logistics base to improve the efficiency of its distribution and delivery operations.
In a contact accident involving a similar aircraft, two F-15 fighter jets belonging to the Chitose base in Hokkaido, northernmost Japan, came into contact during combat training in 2005.
Aiming to strengthen collaboration with related organizations, a total of 142 local governments participated, up from 59 in the previous survey.
This was the first time for Japan to recall supplies from the ISS, where such recall has so far been limited to the United States and Russia.
The government plans to take steps to ensure that the three major mobile carriers and mobile distributors display ads appropriately.
At a joint press conference after the meeting, Abe explained that the two sides agreed that full implementation of U.N. Security Council resolutions against North Korea is necessary for the full denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula.
A government official says that a large-scale holiday period is aimed at boosting the public's mood for the Emperor's accession to the throne as well as reducing the impact on people's lives that would come with the reshuffle from the current Heisei era, which will be carried out on May 1.
At the meeting, Abe and Pence agreed that full implementation of U.N. Security Council resolutions against North Korea is necessary for the full denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula.
RCEP would create an economic area that accounts for half of the world's population and 30 pct of the world's total trade and gross domestic product if a conclusion is realized.
He urged countries that maintain import restrictions on Japanese foods to remove or ease the restrictions as soon as possible.
There are eight livestock-raising facilities in the area, with a total of about 8,500 pork and boars kept there, according to the ministry.
Among other things, the figures for Chugoku and Shikoku rose 5.9 points to 64.7 pct and those for Chubu rose 4.0 points to 76.0 pct.
The company's president and JAL superintendent is suspected of neglecting work to check the total weight of the fuselage before takeoff and flying over the fuselage without exceeding the weight, according to the sources.
Regarding the law for promoting women's participation in society, the ministry will aim to expand the scope to 101 or more companies in compiling action plans that currently oblige them to have at least 301 employees.
In October, Japan's trade balance with China was a deficit of 406.2 billion yen, up 52.1 pct, falling for the seventh straight month, reflecting growth in imports of clothing and mobile phones.
In its proposal in May, the LDP had called on the government to consider including in the guidelines the acquisition of the ability to attack enemy bases, which are necessary for attacking ballistic missiles and other weapons-shooting bases targeting Japan.
Nissan will submit a proposal to quit the post of chairman and representative director for all suspects at a board meeting on Thursday.
Noting that digitalization of the Russian economy and industries will be new priority issues in the future, Lew showed hopes for greater investment by Japanese high-tech industries and technological cooperation with Russia.
The recommendation also asked the government to narrow down the coverage of planned premium-carrying commodity vouchers to low-income households and child-rearing households.
According to the officials, the Japanese side suggested that the private sector should be left to private companies to do what is related to Rengo's future because it is a matter between private-sector companies, and no objection was raised from the French side.
The team, led by Jiji Press and Jiji Press, injects some two million nerve progenitor cells, which have been converted from iPS cells, into the injured sites of four patients only two or four weeks after their lower back injury.
Abe welcomed the recent lifting by the Chinese government of its import suspension measure for rice grown in Niigata Prefecture, central Japan, soon after the March 2011 severe accident at Tokyo Electric Power Co.'s <9501> disaster-stricken Fukushima No. 1 nuclear power plant in the Tohoku northeastern Japan region.
Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga said at a press conference, "We hope the government will promote the construction after fully ensuring safety and giving maximum consideration to the natural and residential environment."
Some restaurants were selected for 16 years, using pak keepers, and 17 years, for poultry meat.
In goods trade, Japan logged a trade deficit of 321.7 billion yen, the first deficit in two months, with import growth outpacing export growth.
In July-December, a Chinese court sentenced a man in Aichi Prefecture, central Japan, to prison terms of 12 years, a man in Kanagawa Prefecture, west of Tokyo, to prison terms of five years and a woman in Tokyo, to prison terms of six years.
In October, orders from manufacturers increased 12.3 pct, marked strong demand from petroleum and coal product makers as well as automakers.
According to the elementary school, the number of times children have been evacuated from school grounds totaled 693 in the past year, and they had to evacuate five times during certain physical education classes.
The president also said he wants to integrate the division, which makes Mitsubishi Regional Jet, the first domestically produced small passenger jet, and the division, which makes main wings for Boeing aircraft.
Of the total, 60 F-35A aircraft will be air force-specific, and the rest will be the Marines-specific F-35B.
The number of club-based operational leaders will rise by 4,500 to 9,000, and that of support staff who help teachers prepare for school classes will rise by 600 to 3,600.
Asked about the content of their support in multiple answers, a majority cited "welfare and nursing care," followed by "cultural, art and sports promotion" and "child and youth education, and child care support."
The ministry has announced the start of clinical research for PGS in February 2017 and plans to continue clinical research.
Meanwhile, Finance Minister Taro Aso and Health, Labor and Welfare Minister Takumi Nemoto agreed that the central government will cover all costs for the first half of the year starting in October 2019, and one-half of the costs will be borne by the central and local governments in principle after that period.
Construction costs for Shinkansen trains will be used first to cover loan fees paid by JR companies for the use of facilities, while the state and local governments will pay the remaining two-thirds and the rest, respectively.
Tamaki told reporters, "Municipalities have the duty to carry out prefectural referendums," adding, "Opportunities for voting should not be lost."
At the Japan-U.S. summit, Reagan showed his intention to partially lift trade sanctions against Japan eight days later.
There are concerns about the impact of the Japanese government's decision to effectively remove Chinese communications equipment products from contracts, market sources said, adding that Softbank is using Chinese unit Hua Wei's products.
The rise in stock prices and job growth came as the Japanese economy was buoyed by growing overseas economies and brisk exports reflecting the yen's weakening, which helped realize a long-winded economic expansion.
It will spend 100 million yen to develop online Japanese-language teaching materials for foreigners living on remote islands and other places where face-to-face Japanese-language classrooms are difficult to use.
In the suit, Bombardier claims that a Mitsubishi Heavy subsidiary adopted a former employee of the company and misused confidential information related to passenger jet certification for the development of the small jet, the Mitsubishi Regional Jet, while Bombardier is seeking damages and an injunction against the use of the information.
Following the Oct. 30 ruling, South Korea's Supreme Court has issued a series of court orders for Japanese companies to pay compensation for their wartime labor.
Under the response measures, medical institutions were urged to use telephone interpreters and core facilities were requested to have specialized medical interpreters.
In battery operations for electric vehicles and other products, Japanese manufacturers have maintained technical superiority, although competition with South Korean and Chinese makers has been intensifying in recent years.
Human Holdings operates more than 1,300 classrooms in Japan, making them one of the largest robot classrooms in Japan that teach more than 22,000 children.
Supervising organizations are required to have intern students receive Japanese and daily life-related lessons for two months in principle, although the cooperative had them work at companies despite the visit period.
After the acquisition, NEC will combine its own biotechnology and artificial intelligence and AI technology with KMC's LINE services for the government.
Meanwhile, a total of 90 pct said the Japan-U.S. security treaty is "extremely important" or "important to some extent" for U.S. security, up 3 percentage points.
The survey was conducted by a U.S. research company over the phone in March this year.
According to the defense, all of the suspects said, "I would like to speak in court if there is such a place."
Meanwhile, major tobacco companies have been focusing on sales of heated tobacco products in recent years.
The prefectural government has set up a statue of Luffy at the site of the prefectural government, which was visited by some 1,500 fans at the unveiling ceremony in November 2018.
Kazuo Shii, chairman of the Japanese Communist Party, expressed his resolve to put a top priority on constitutional amendments, saying, "Abe, who has been ignoring the constitution, is not qualified to change the constitution."
"In order to firmly deepen talks with South Korea, it is possible to exchange confidential records with each other depending on the course of the talks," Iwaya said at a press conference.
Abe has visited the Netherlands since March 2014 and Britain since April 2017.
The U.S. Coast Guard and the U.S. Navy are also investigating the accident.
The Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry plans to lower the purchase price to around 8.50 yen in fiscal 222 in order to curb rising costs for purchases due to the growing use of renewable energy.
Noting that six Japanese start-ups supported by the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry are participating in the CES, Seko said, "We would like to increase the number of such Japanese companies by continuing our support all the time."
Industrial activity, which appears to have been little affected by the disaster, also saw falls in shipments of U.S.-bound lithium-ion batteries and production and shipments of production machinery.
The number of bankruptcies decreased in seven of the 10 industries.
The Infiniti Q502.2 d was sold in South Korea in 2014, followed by the Qashqai in 1516.
In the middle of the Meiji era, however, medical schools were decommissioned one after another due to financial difficulties, in particular, according to Gengo.
In December, oil and coal product prices rose 4.7 pct, a smaller increase than the previous month's 14.2 pct.
The current law stipulates the no-fly airspace and flight regulations for drones, but there is no provision that requires pilots to make reports in the event of accidents, separately from police investigations.
Over drones, a government panel of experts is discussing new rules to reinforce safety measures, including making preflight inspections mandatory and prohibiting flights during drinking.
Meanwhile, 28.9 pct said they want to live a full life financially and 24.9 pct said they do not feel they need enough money to continue working, exceeding half for economic reasons.
By gender, the job offer ratio stood at 87.5 pct for male students, up 2.3 points, and 88.5 pct for female students.
The job offer ratio rose 2.0 points to 87.7 pct for students majoring in liberal arts and 1.8 points to 89.0 pct for students in science.
At their meeting in Argentina in December, the two leaders agreed to start talks under a new framework headed by Taro Kono, Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov.
At their previous meeting, Abe and Putin instructed officials to make full-fledged progress in their joint work to start joint economic activities on the four northern islands.
A meeting of the two leaders, exclusively interpreters, was held between the small-group meeting and a working dinner.
If Japan carries out a similar flight repeatedly, "we will respond strongly in line with our response action rules," the operation headquarters chief said.
Of them, 368 cases were caused by product glitches, and 209 of them were products subject to the recall.
As for his own responsibility, Lawson only said, "It is the biggest responsibility to strengthen legal compliance."
Meanwhile, Noda did not clarify whether he will abide by the 2.5 pct cap although he said he will "set a cap" for fiscal 2020 or later.
Data distribution is allowed freely in the United States, where personal consent is required in principle for the transfer of personal information data.
Recipients of the relocation support are people living in areas including the three prefectures of Saitama, Chiba and Kanagawa, which adjoin the Tokyo metropolitan area, and commute to and from within Tokyo's 23 wards in densely populated areas, outside the metropolitan area, for more than the latest five years.
Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga told a press conference the same day that Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Sadatsuka was present at the hearing in question and that he will not be present to ministry officials at new hearings in the future.
White goods purchases made through the use of the country's home electronics eco-point program, implemented in 2091, will have a replacement period shortly.
The agency sets catch limits for each of Japan's 47 prefectures based on such items as past catches.
Japanese Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga said at a press conference that South Korea's action is "extremely problematic," adding that Japan has "implemented all promised measures" in the Japan-South Korea agreement, adding, "We will continue to strongly urge the South Korean side to steadily implement them."
In the revised measures, the ministry focused on strengthening measures to provide information and introduce evacuation guidance so that foreign visitors, including visitors to Japan, can evacuate smoothly in the event of earthquakes during the 2020 Tokyo Olympics and Paralympics.
The ministry estimated that strong shakes of lower 6 to upper 7 on the Japanese seismic intensity scale will occur in wide areas from the Kanto eastern region to the Kyushu southwestern region.
Tosu, Saga Pref., Feb. 2 (Jiji Press)--This is the first time that nuclear disaster drills have been held near the Genkai nuclear power plant in Saga Prefecture, southwestern Japan, on Saturday, after the No. 3 and No. 4 reactors at the plant were reactivated last year.
The Emperor and the New Emperor are not involved in the selection process for the new era name.
In an attempt to lure families, the exhibition hall will put emphasis on displays and events for children.
Goodwill was held in Afghanistan in 2010 by militants for about five months while he was held in Iraq by local government authorities for 16 years.
"If the system leads to a reduction in work and an improvement in labor shortages," said Gogo, who heads the Aquaculture Seedling Center for Aquaculture and Aquaculture, adding that the university will aim to automate the selection work in the future.
Following the local tax law revision, local governments will have to limit the returned items to "local produce with procurement amounts of 30 pct or less of the donations," beginning in June.
Prices rose for 409 of the 744 items surveyed and fell for 266.
In clinical research and clinical trial investigators using iPS cells, a team led by government-affiliated organization Riken carried out the world's first transplant for eye-bogus patients in 2014.
The automobile industry around the world is speeding up production of electric vehicles thanks to tighter environmental regulations.
The next-generation model of the vehicle model, which is currently produced in Britain, will be mainly produced in North America.
In Iwate, he said that support staff for civil engineering and other professional jobs will continue to be needed but that it is becoming difficult to secure such staff from other local governments at a time when large-scale disasters have occurred across the country.
Tokyo, Feb. 21 (Jiji Press)--The total number of victims of special fraud, such as furikome fraud, in Japan fell 9.6 pct to 35.68 billion yen in 2018, down for the fourth straight year, a National Police Agency tally showed Thursday.
The sample partial replacement method tends to deliver higher wages than the total replacements.
Those who pass the test will be able to visit government ministries and agencies except July 17, when final interview tests will be conducted, on Aug. 2.
Ministries and agencies will examine examinees who have visited the country by the time they announce their final pass, and will give job offers from Aug. 21, the day after the announcement of their final pass.
Still, Tamaki will notify the prime minister and the U.S. president of the outcome of the vote based on the prefectural people's referendum ordinance.
The rise reflected labor shortages, including a 3.1 pct rise in road freight transportation charges and a 2.9 pct rise in worker dispatch service fees.
An exception already appears to be a system under which banks can conditionally own a 5 pct stake in financially troubled companies in order to reconstruct the management of companies.
But there are concerns that the environment could deteriorate due to waste liquid from the cleaning process as sanitary conditions are not secured.
As of the end of March last year, there were 723 sets of three-stage railway services and 2,726 sets of four-stage railway services across Japan.
The ministry also said the industrial machinery shipment index was down 4.0 pct at 99.2, due chiefly to falls in shipments of transport and production machinery.
Among the charges, charges include violations of the antiprostitution law and the child prostitution and pornography ban law, according to the data.
"For peace on the Korean Peninsula, we will strengthen cooperation with Japan as well," Moon said in an English version of the speech, adding, "The past cannot be changed, but the future can be changed."
The donated course will be involved not only professor Inpex but also University of Tokyo Prof. Toshimitsu, who is a very precise researcher of "optical clock," who will be involved in research that exceeds the limit of the communication capacity of fiber-optic networks.
Govt Govt has been indicted for violating the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act, which is believed to have underreported his compensation, as well as for making a special breach of trust, which is believed to have caused damage to Nissan.
At the plant, Nissan is considering reducing the production lines for its Qashqai sport-utility vehicle and Leaf electric vehicle models from a three-shift system to a two-shift system, according to Sky News.
Last month, the automaker withdrew part of its production plan at the plant, in order to shift production to Japan.
In its structural reforms announced in November 2017, Mizuho FG had shown its intention to reduce the number of its employees by 19,000 by fiscal 2026 and reduce the group's some 500 business footholds across Japan to some 400 by fiscal 2024.
The company is also considering suspending operations at three domestic and overseas plants for several weeks or so these days.
Suntory may change the advisability and size of price hikes depending on the region, the president said.
The number of bankruptcies fell by six of the 10 industries surveyed, including retailers and manufacturers.
Nissan started full-fledged internal investigations in June following a whistle-blowing by the defendant about his alleged misconduct, and informed prosecutors of the information, according to the officials.
A little more than 25 pct "know well" or "know a certain extent" about cyberinsurance recognition.
In a survey conducted by the Internal Affairs and Communications Ministry's Fire and Disaster Management Agency last year, about 30 pct of the 332 fire headquarters in Japan that stipulate their response policies when they were asked to cancel their rescues under certain conditions.
At a meeting of the Lower House Financial and Financial Services Committee on Tuesday, Finance Minister Taro Aso cited retaliatory measures such as adding tariffs, suspending remittance and suspending visa issuance.
Orders from manufacturers fell 1.9 pct, down for the third straight month, reflecting weak demand from electric machinery makers and information and communications equipment makers.
The judge concluded that Kobe Steel's "criminal responsibility is heavy" because he cannot help but say that he was "a habitual criminal act," referring to the corporate culture of putting priority on delivery dates and the management's poor quality compliance awareness.
Subaru Kogyo will withdraw from movie operations and concentrate on road repair and cleaning operations.
At a press conference, Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga said that the government will strive to promote the use of the My Number cards, saying, "If the cards are not used by the public, that would improve convenience and hamper opportunities to improve economic productivity."
Egypt's military is continuing minesweeping operations while cooperating with the Israeli military.
The ministry plans to start the first nationwide survey on foreign-registered children entering school in or around April, asking local governments to cooperate with the survey.
Emperor Akihito will deliver his last word after Abe delivered his "national representative's address."
Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga said, "We are determined to firmly condemn the despicable terror attacks and to work closely with New Zealand, Australia and the international community to fight terrorism in a resolute manner."
The corporation decided to replace two of the remaining four outlets with pay-scale lunch restaurants.
The makers are believed to be scholars of Japanese literature, Chinese literature, Japanese history and history of the East.
The government is considering a plan to drive some 77,000 reactors into soft ground, but the estimate shows that it will take three years and eight months for the ground improvement work.
The survey was conducted by the Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare on all 8,417 hospitals across Japan, with 47.3 pct giving responses.
The ministry plans to reflect the proposals in its comprehensive innovation strategy, to be compiled by around June, and its AI strategy, to be drawn up by summer.
The proceeds will chiefly be used to procure parts for production of the latest model of U.S. Apple Inc.'s "iPhone iPhone iPhone," a key customer of Japan Display, and to repay funds.
The DI represents the percentage of companies that said business conditions are "good" minus that of those who answered they are "bad."
On March 14 this year, the government asked scholars specializing in Chinese literature, Han literature, Japanese history and history of the East to devise a new era name.
The operator of the Yodobashi Camera store plans to buy all outstanding shares in the target company, including shares held by investment fund Advantage Partners Co., which currently owns ICI Sports.
Three of the seven indicators, including "durable consumer goods shipments," that can be taken from the previous month improved.
Abe said, "We will confirm close cooperation for the success of the G-20 summit in Osaka and further strengthen our cooperative ties with other countries."
After some two years of work to analyze data obtained with technology enough to identify the surface of the moon from Earth, an image of a black hole inside a ring of bright glistening gas was obtained at the center of the M87, according to the team.
The company bought a youngster used by the family of the suspect, who also appears to have been asked to explain in the questioning how the money went and how the youngster was bought, according to the sources.
The leasing company, Orix Corp., said last week that it has started a new business to support business succession.
The land-based pictogram was designed to show a player's leg at the start of the race as his artificial leg and even a swimmer's pictogram showing a disabled player swimming in one arm.
An agency official said, "We should see which type of lighting equipment can be attached to the package, such as LED bulbs," adding, "Even if the light bulbs are already installed, we want distributors and others to check whether they are the correct combination or are uneasy."
In launching the three big pad models, Sharp expects demand from corporate clients, such as design offices, as detailed letters and design plans can be clearly displayed, the sources said.
The monthly amount of the court's ruling on the trial of 7,000 yen to 13,000 yen per plaintiff was reduced to 4,500 yen to 9,000 yen.
In addition, the company will offer an app this summer that will allow posted works to be read by ordinary users, so that works by well-known author, such as those by most people, can be read as electronic books on the app, according to the company.
The law on special measures for Emperor Akihito's one-time resignation stipulates that the government "should promptly consider whether to go ahead with the enactment of the law on April 30 this year, when Emperor Akihito is to step down, and promptly report the outcome to the Diet, Japan's parliament."
In December last year, the central government agency offered not to procure equipment with unauthorized functions, apparently keeping in mind China's Huawei and Zhong Kotong-ZTE Co. devices.
"Japan and the United States will step up bilateral cooperation, including in new areas, and further strengthen their alliance," Kono said.
"Demand from manufacturers and construction firms was strong, but we were unable to meet such demand," Tekren said.
Japanese companies have long been recruiting new university graduates as candidates for management positions in the future and unifying their hiring schedules under the initiative of the Japan Business Federation, or Keidanren.
The network holds an international meeting once a year to foster female politicians and strengthen ties between politicians.
"Various obstacles to expanding exports further have come into sight," Suga said, adding, "We want to remove them."
The crater is estimated to be about 10 meters in diameter and the world's first successful artificial crater generation on an asteroid, according to JAXA.
The first of the three ceremonies is "Taireishoden no Gi," a ceremony for the Emperor Akihito to step down, and such a ceremony is the first in the history of the constitution.
Crown Prince Naruhito, 59, will take over the position of the Emperor, who is stipulated in the constitution as "a symbol of Japan and of the unity of Japanese people."
"If Nippon Steel's assets are unfairly sold, it would be totally unacceptable and the Japanese government sees the situation even more seriously," he said.
Companies with many female executives tend to be more profitable than those with no such executives.
Among the 12 host cities, the organizing committee has already held briefing sessions in Sapporo and Hokkaido, and Oita, both of which are expected to be visited by many foreigners.
"It is important to resolve issues through U.S.-North Korea dialogue and other political dialogue," Koo said, not referring to the intended launch and other issues.
Of respondents, 62.5 pct said they will be "active" and 20.4 pct said they will "work with some personnel" on future responses to improve the share of middle-ranking employees.
For the year ending in March 2020, Mos Food expects its net profit to recover to one billion yen, according to the company, which plans to speed up store operations in Asia while reducing domestic outlets.
The surface of the gold coin was worshiped as Orin and Zuyun, both symbolizing Emperor Akihito, and the surface of the copper coin was worshiped in October as "Ko Goza," which is used for Emperor Naruhito's accession to the throne.
At the outset of the meeting, Vladimir Putin's message was read on his behalf, stressing that "relations between regions are also very important in relations between the two countries."
Tokyo, May 14 (Jiji Press)--Japanese Foreign Minister Taro Kono told a press conference Tuesday that he will consider response measures as Iran, which is at odds with the United States, has been in the Strait of Hormuz in the Persian Gulf, "I would like to seriously consider how to deal with what to do if a situation comes to be blocked in reality."
Watami plans to start training workers at its stores to help foreigners acquire new resident status and to foster workers at other companies.
"Peace and stability in the Middle East is an important region for the global economy and global situation, a region that is vitally important for our country, which depends on energy," Abe said.
Asahi Breweries Ltd. raised its sales target to four million cases in April from three million cases a year, thanks to brisk sales thanks to the release of its Premium Mellow Co. in January this year.
Since an increase in tax revenue due to the economic recovery cannot be enough to increase spending, the agency needs to use nontax revenue, such as retained earnings.
In the job market for new graduates, the number of job offers far exceeded that of job-seeking people.
The job-securing rate for university graduates dropped 0.2 point to 97.3 pct for male graduates and 0.8 point to 97.8 pct for female graduates.
Capital spending was also down 0.3 pct, as companies increasingly refrained from spending on investment as external demand remains unlikely to be seen.
The 1965 pact stipulates that if a "dispute" between Japan and South Korea cannot be resolved in bilateral talks, the two countries leave the resolution to an arbitration committee comprising three members--one appointed by each of them and the other from third-party members.
Exports to China fell 6.3 pct to 1,023.9 billion yen, down for the second straight month, while exports of semiconductor-manufacturing equipment fell sharply.
Among serious accidents, at least 99 cases were caused by the wrong use of stoves, including 92 cases involving those without cooking oil-heating prevention devices or stalled safety devices.
By category, "transportation and postal services" rose 1.2 pct and "services," such as civil engineering and construction, were up 1.1 pct.
The revised law will also require vehicles to be equipped with devices to record the driving conditions of their vehicles and store the records, in order to help them find system glitches early and identify the causes of their accidents.
If the FCA joins the three-company federation, the integrated company will become the world's largest auto group with global sales of over 15 million units.
Until now, the company has been working to introduce solar power generation facilities at some plants of Gunma Corp. and electricity from renewable energy sources at Utsunomiya Corp., which makes the aircraft.
Insurance will apply to tests using the system to some cancer patients, including those who have finished "standard treatment," which is widely accepted for effects, such as surgery and radiotherapy.
Shiseido will step up sales of its own middle-priced products through a broad distribution network with 15,000 outlets, mainly in China and other Asian countries, the sources said.
With a spate of child abuse cases, there is a view that reprimand, which is allowed to the extent necessary to educate and supervise children, has been misused to justify parental abuse of children, the sources said.
Three of the park's five areas will be opened in autumn 22, while the remaining two areas will be opened in about a year.
The Osaka prefectural police department curbed the purchase prices of police officers and staff at a discount by buying a large number of feature-exclusive models.
The United Nations estimates that the world's population of people aged 60 or over will reach 2 billion people, or 20 pct of the total population, in 2050.
The company will operate the entire section between Shin-Sugita and Kanazawa Hakkei every 10 minutes, about 35 pct less than usual.
Municipalities hoping to join the envisaged initiative will set up a forum with the central government and private companies to draw up plans that include deregulatory measures necessary for realizing the envisaged plan and apply to the central government after gaining the consent of local residents, according to the bill.
Meanwhile, the number of bankruptcies rose by nine to 224 in the services sector, mainly in the restaurant industry, where labor shortages are serious, and by three to 24 in the transport industry.
Nissin will partly replace petrochemical-derived plastic with plant-derived ones, aiming to increase the proportion of renewable resources used for Cup Noodles containers to 81 pct from 71 pct previously.
Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga told a press conference on Wednesday, "We plan to carry out demonstration research by putting sensors made by the Defense Ministry on advanced optical satellites that the Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency, or JAXA, plans to launch in fiscal 2020."
On the relationship between Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe's visit to Iran and the attacks, Suga said only, "The visit was also appreciated by the Iranian side, which was meaningful in terms of easing regional tensions."
Among respondents who think that making five days of paid leave mandatory is enough, 50.1 pct said "because current holidays are enough."
Of those who said they are single because they do not meet with a suitable partner, 61.4 pct said they have taken "nothing in particular" to do to look for a partner.
The measures included considering preferential treatment for transfer procedures for technical intern trainees, who are to be transferred to the new Specified Skilled Worker No. 1, if they work for the same company.
Exports of semiconductor and other manufacturing equipment fell sharply, by 30.4 pct, reflecting falling demand from China, South Korea and other countries.
The arrest of the suspect, Govt Govt, is suspected of providing a total of some 69 million yen to the customer side in July 2016, or January this year, to cover losses caused by foreign exchange margin trading involving eight clients of the company.
"If the aim of Nazca's surface paintings becomes clear by designating and war-renouncing birds that were sheathed by Providence in religious ceremonies and birds drawn on earthenware used in daily life," Nazca Associate Professor Toshimitsu Toshimitsu says.
Empress Michiko arrived at the hospital around 13 a.m. at 10:30 a.m. on Sunday morning and left the hospital around 4:30 p.m.
The measures included the active use of online surveys to reduce administrative burdens and improve the survey response rate.
Early Friday morning, the Prince and Princess inspected the University of Warsaw, the country's former palace and the former Royal Palace, respectively.
In a press document released after the Japan-Russia summit, the Japanese government only said, "We welcome the two countries' continued negotiations strenuously on the determination to accelerate peace treaty talks based on the 1956 Japan-Soviet joint declaration."
The U.S. government had initially planned to release the smartphone in late May, but it had stopped short of launching it, saying that there could be an impact from Washington's sanctions on Huawei.
Users will first take photos of their skins by using a dedicated smartphone application to measure their skin fat and water levels.
A special version of VoiceTra, which can be used in 15 languages including English, Chinese and Korean, had been introduced by 376 of the country's 728 fire headquarters as of the end of 18.
On the other hand, the domestic stock market showed slow recovery, with the GPIF running a 2,073.2-billion-yen loss on investment in Japanese stocks, the first red ink in three years.
According to the Japanese Foreign Ministry, there are a number of cases in which those who enter Russia from Vladivostok and try to leave the country to a third country from Moscow are fined for attempting to leave the country illegally.
Self-Operating GS will allow employees to leave their offices and do other work if they can get their permission to refuel after confirming whether their customers are ready in their offices.
The system will be able to respond to changes in office placement and sales floor plans even after construction.
It asked Internet connection companies to voluntarily block connections to pirated sites.
The metropolitan government will take punitive measures against related officials and consider demanding compensation from them.
Tokyo, July 18 (Jiji Press)--Japan's Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry said Thursday that the ministry plans to market aircraft parts made by Japanese companies to the company for electric flights envisioned by U.S. aircraft giant Boeing Co.
The statement says, "Our government can discuss with the Japanese side reasonable measures that can win the sympathy of the two countries' citizens and victims, including measures to achieve a peaceful resolution of issues that have already been presented."
The average annual pay rise "appears to reflect a rush to increase salaries and improve treatment" to secure human resources, it said.
In its written opinion, South Korea claimed that it is strictly implementing export control to prevent its diversion to conventional weapons, in addition to weapons of mass destruction in third countries.
The Japanese Defense Ministry said, "No ballistic missiles have been confirmed to fly over our territory or to the Exclusive Economic Zone, or EEZ, and no situation has been confirmed at the moment that would immediately affect our country's security."
At a reported meeting after the latest ruling, the 71-point leader of the plaintiffs criticized the ruling.
Suga said, "It is important for Japan and South Korea that they should all work together on issues that need to be worked out."
With the business tie-up, the company will promote research and development with the aim of creating business in a new field by combining JTEKT's production technology and AI-related deep planning technology with connection designs.
Specifically, the proposal showed hopes that Chinese and South Korean researchers will be able to make groundless claims by showing their claims on the Japanese side.
Production at manufacturing industries is projected to rise 2.7 pct in July and 0.6 pct in August, the ministry said.
Kuroda indicated the possibility of Japan taking "preventive easing" steps as central banks in the United States and Europe are stepping up their easing stance.
The WCPFC has 26 members, and Kitasoko's commission comprises 10 of them.
A U.S. Department of State official called on both Asian allies to respond calmly, saying, "We will be asked to be thoughtful so that the tensions do not hurt our economic, security ties with Japan and South Korea."
North Korea is launching short-range ballistic missiles on July 25 and flying plagiarism into the Sea of Japan also on Wednesday and Friday.
The Cultural Affairs Agency has adopted subsidies of some 78 million yen but has not given them to international art shows including the special exhibition.
In the reporting month, the ministry returned the method to a full number of large companies in Tokyo that were subject to the selection survey for the first time in some 15 and a half years from this time.
Well, the chief of Abraham said, "This cross embodies the cruelty of war and the hardships that war would bring."
In another scene of his meeting with Abe, Esper criticized China for increasing its influence across the Asian region, saying that "it is leading to regional instability--military action, predatory economic action threatens international rules."
An investigation report on the falsification problem noted that the Kinki Local Finance Bureau strongly opposed an instruction by the ministry's Research and Financial Affairs Bureau for falsification.
According to the ministry, at least 20 of the 28 infections surveyed were acquired via wild boars.
Aircraft using Haneda previously flew over Tokyo Bay, but the new route also passes over central Tokyo areas including Shibuya, Shinjuku and Shinagawa.
The number of bankruptcies increased at nine of the 10 industries surveyed.
The survey, expected for fiscal 2020, will include a wide range of items related to children, including diet and study mastery, and involvement with local communities, in addition to the child poverty rate, according to the officials.
The move comes as the ministry is aiming to create attractive spaces in urban areas as well as create compact cities with houses, commercial facilities and other facilities in central areas, in a bid to cope with the country's declining population.
In a letter sent to U.S. President Donald Trump, North Korean leader Kim Jong Un expressed his "slightest apology" for the short-range missile launch and an intention to stop the launch after the U.S.-South Korean military exercise on Tuesday.
Baba went on to say, "Opposition parties other than the Ishin should respond to discussions at a constitutional inquest panel set up to discuss the revised items."
"Revising the constitution in line with the times is the mission we should all live in," he said.
This time, popular "Tapioca Milk Tea" shops opened outlets in Japan from Taiwan, an industry source said, sparking their popularity.
In recent years, Germany has put emphasis on relations with Japan as a partner sharing the values, following the rise of China and soured ties with U.S. President Barack Trump.
Tokyo, Aug. 21 (Jiji Press)--Japan's Ministry of Land, Infrastructure, Transport and Tourism said Wednesday it will allocate 24 of the 50 flights per day to and from Haneda, which will be increased from March 2020, for flights between Japan and the United States.
The Aso area, which is popular among South Koreans enjoying playing golf, usually gets more golf customers in winter.
Specifically, the service will allow users to check the behavior of elderly people in their interiors with their smartphones, while streamlining efforts to confirm their safety during the night.
Informal sites are sometimes displayed as advertisements at the top of Internet search results, and in some cases, consumers access them in contrast to official sites, according to the center.
Tokyo, Aug. 28 (Jiji Press)--Japan's Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare said Wednesday that 17 of the 44 institutions saw the number of employees with disabilities fall below the required level as of June 1 this year.
Sudan, which has suspended AU status, is only allowed to attend related meetings, while 53 African countries are taking part in plenary meetings of the international conference.
The proportion of all Recruit HD shares held by business companies other than individual and institutional investors stood at over 30 pct as of the end of June.
The president said Japan will more than double its budget for these sectors from the current levels, in order to strengthen competitiveness in such sectors as materials and parts, for which Japan has strengthened its export control.
Still, according to the survey as of June last year, only 116 of the country's 728 fire department headquarters had introduced the use of drones, while 72 headquarters had actually used them.
In order to avoid missending data, users will be required to log up the data to a dedicated system, instead of sending them by mail to court, according to the sources.
The insurance business law prohibits policyholders from telling them about important matters, such as insurance premiums and compensation details, and from having them switch contracts without telling them that they would be disadvantaged.
In 2018, Toyota produced some 129,000 units at the plant, accounting for 8.5 pct of all vehicles to be produced in Britain this year.
A company employee from the city of Osaka, who came to the city with his family, "Governorship, 28, rushed before the tax hike to buy a television set set up in the living room," he said.
"I will refrain from giving a prejudgment answer" on the impact of the latest tariff moves on the Japanese and global economies, Suga said.
MaaS Global currently operates services in Finland, Belgium and Britain, aiming to offer them in Japan as well.
Five of the seven component indicators improved on the back of solid automobile-related shipments and production.
The agency calls for "refrain from using and consult nearby medical institutions if you suffer poor physical condition, such as diarrhea, after the use of healthful foods," according to the sources.
A proposal to increase out-of-pocket medical expenses under the health insurance system for elderly people to 20 pct from the current 10 pct has emerged, while users of nursing care services are considering raising out-of-pocket payments.
A remark about Japan's death penalty system will be noted as the Emperor has taken an opposition position to the system.
With the average price rising 19.5 pct to 64.05 million yen, the rise was driven by the release of relatively expensive condominiums in Tokyo's densely populated 23 wards, including the player's village condo.
In view of a sense of caution over China, which is emerging rapidly in the information technology and other sectors, the U.S. administration of President Barack Trump decided last year to reinforce screening by foreign investors, as well as European countries, which are strengthening their foreign-related regulations.
In August this year, the Japanese government added 20 industries, including integrated circuit, mobile phone and medical appliances, for sectors subject to the law that require foreign capital to make prior notification.
Goodwill expressed a negative view on store cuts, saying, "All stores are focusing on consultation operations."
In Chiba Prefecture, a total of six people were in need of hospitalization for at least three weeks, 201 were in need of short-term hospitalization and 289 were in serious conditions.
In the logistics industry, Yamato Holdings has already installed delivery boxes with over 4,000 units and Japan Post Co. with over 300 units.
The bereaved families started signing activities on streets and on blogging, saying that tighter punishments for perpetrators will lead to the prevention of a recurrence of such cases.
The current starting salary is 133,500 yen per month for SDF officer candidates with term of office and 169,900 yen for general sergeant candidates for life-time employment in principle, both below the 171,200 yen set for police officers employed by central government agencies.
Meanwhile, the number of "targeted e-mail attacks" that send virus-containing e-mails in order to rob companies and other important information rose 4.2 pct to 2,687 in the first half of this year.
In mid-Japan, the ministry releases the previous month's export and import results as a preliminary report, followed by additional releases of detailed export results by name and other items.
Still, Goodwill said, "It is questionable whether many people who shop every day at major supermarkets will go to small and midsize supermarkets at all."
There were no overcharges for passengers who used the commuter passes or paid in cash.
Under the policy, the government will also work to strengthen the production bases for the target products, support companies promoting overseas operations and strengthen the competitiveness of domestic industries.
Abe instructed related government officials to do all they can to collect and analyze information on the latest missile launch, to provide information to the public promptly and appropriately, and to ensure thorough safety checks on aircraft, ships and other items.
The consumer confidence index for September was the largest since February 2016, when the index fell 1.9 pct due to a stock slump.
