At the RCEP meeting, ministers will meet in Tokyo on July 1 to confirm their policy of focusing on negotiations so that a summit meeting can be held in Singapore in late November for its conclusion.
Fukushima, July 29 (Jiji Press)--Some facilities in J-Village, a national soccer center facility used for more than seven years as a base for dealing with the March 2011 nuclear accident, have resumed normal operations.
Evacuation advisories and evacuation orders have been issued for the city of Hiroshima and many residents in areas affected by heavy rain since the start of this month.
According to the outline, the peace declaration will call for the establishment of security that does not depend on nuclear weapons by nuclear weapons and other countries, while calling for the devastation of atomic bombings and the inhumanity of nuclear weapons.
The percentage of male smokers fell 0.4 point to 27.8 pct, and that of female smokers fell 0.3 point to 8.7 pct, both of which hit a record low.
The MSDF plans to launch another Aegis ship in 2019 and the Haijing Aegis ship will be eight ships in 2011.
Berlin, July 29 (Jiji Press)--The Barna International Ballet Competition, one of the world's three major ballet contests, has put Japan's top 0.000s 18. in the second place in the men's junior division.
In the Korean Peninsula situation, ministers expressed "welcome" to the North-South summit in April and the U.S.-North Korea summit in June, calling for continued efforts to realize the denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula.
Before seasonal adjustment for new job openings by industry, year on year, sales rose 4.0 pct for construction, 3.8 pct for medical and welfare services, and 3.5 pct for production, including automakers.
Meanwhile, information and communications services fell 11.2 pct and accommodation and restaurant services fell 3.2 pct.
The shipment index was down 0.2 pct, or 101.3 pct, due mainly to a drop in shipments of oil and coal products during routine checkups at oil refineries.
While the BOJ kept its negative interest rate policy of applying minus 0.1 pct to current account deposits deposited by financial institutions at the BOJ unchanged, it will reduce the target of negative interest rates to around 5 trillion yen from around 10 trillion yen at present.
Tokyo, July 31 (Jiji Press)--Prosecutors have voluntarily interviewed around 10 senior officials of the Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology over a corruption scandal involving senior officials of the Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology, Jiji Press learned Tuesday.
The 20,000-year-old suspect is also believed to have attracted multiple senior education ministry officials, such as former Japan Sports Agency officials, to the 20,000-year-old suspect, informed sources said.
A proposal has emerged to use plutonium held by TEPCO Holdings, which cannot restart idled nuclear reactors due to the suspension of operations, at nuclear plants of other companies.
Of them, domestic investment received responses from 2,059 firms and overseas investment from 867 firms.
Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga told a press conference on Wednesday, "The government will accelerate preparations for the ceremony related to the succession of the Imperial Throne and make firm preparations so that the ceremony will be held without a hitch."
The gap between lending and deposit rates in Japan shrank at four of the five firms, excluding Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Holdings.
Tokyo, Aug. 2 (Jiji Press)--The amount of damage from special frauds in Japan in the first half of this year, or June, fell 7.1 pct from a year before to 17.49 billion yen, down for the fourth consecutive year, the National Police Agency's preliminary report showed Thursday.
The National Police Agency said the overall number is decreasing due to a sharp decline in the number of refund scams, but "I'll" scams are increasing, pointing out that the situation remains extremely serious.
Toshiba said there will be no change in its previous earnings estimates as the full year to March 2019 has already reflected a comeback.
Singapore, Aug. 2 (Jiji Press)--Japanese Foreign Minister Taro Kono and his South Korean counterpart, Kang Kyonghe, confirmed on Thursday close cooperation among Japan, South Korea and three other countries toward North Korea's denuclearization.
While Kono also expressed concern about the situation in the South China Sea, where China is moving toward a military base, Wang said he believes that the situation is headed for stability.
Higashimatsushima, Miyagi Pref., Aug. 2 (Jiji Press)--Prime Minister Shinzo Abe said Thursday that the government plans to finish the move to public housing by fiscal 2020 for victims of the March 2011 disaster who live in temporary housing in the two prefectures of Iwate and Miyagi.
In June alone, the country's trade deficit with Japan fell 3.4 pct from a year before to 5.3 billion dollars, shrinking for the third consecutive month.
Singapore, Aug. 3 (Jiji Press)--Japanese Foreign Minister Taro Kono held short-term talks with North Korean Foreign Minister Lee Yong Ho in Singapore Friday night.
The judge dismissed the defense-side claim that the third person's DNA type detected in an adhesive tape attached to the body of the girl, saying it was the real culprit, judging that the contamination may occur during the work to detect fingerprints.
Of those who did not evacuate, more than 80 pct each said they did not feel urgent to evacuate or thought their homes were OK.
Some members pointed out that side effects of the BOJ's large-scale JGB buying "have become visible in various ways" on the JGB market's liquidity and functions.
After obtaining information about the records, the ministry sent officials to Mongolia in June to confirm that the records exist.
The records of the criminal trial will be kept by the district public prosecutors in charge of the first trial for up to 100 years, although records other than the ruling are often disposed of after the expiration of the storage period.
Rishiri, Hokkaido, Aug. 4 (Jiji Press)--Emperor Akihito and Empress Michiko, who are visiting Hokkaido for three days from Friday, made their first visit to the northernmost Japan island of Rishiri on Saturday.
Representing the organizers, Harumi Takahashi, governor of Hokkaido, said, "We will take over the generations 50 or 100 years ahead of Furusato, Hokkaido, which is irredeemable, by being proud of the various values and attractiveness that our predecessors have honed over the years."
Singapore, Aug. 5 (Jiji Press)--Japanese Foreign Minister Taro Kono and his Singaporean counterpart, Vivian Balakrishnan, agreed Sunday to strengthen ties between Japan and the Association of Southeast Asian Nations.
The 83rd vice chairman of the Hiroshima Prefectural Association of Korean Hibakusha (Hibakusha Hibakusha) pointed to the aging of hibakusha who returned to North Korea after the war.
Of the company's 128 offices across Japan, 123 had been overcharged, the ministry said.
Some hibakusha said they could tell grandchildren that they could not speak to their children.
According to the prefectural disaster response headquarters, an evacuation advisory was issued to some 1.52 million people in Hiroshima, but some 6,000 people actually evacuated.
The surface of the gold coins is adorned with a phoenix symbolizing Emperor Akihito and paulownia and birch representing the Emperor and Empress Michiko, while the surface of the copper coins is characterized by the design of a horse-drawn wagon used in the 1959 Amphibious wedding parade.
There is a front on the north side of Typhoon No. 13, and the Japan Meteorological Agency called on the Kanto-Koshin and Tohoku Pacific sides to be vigilant against heavy rain, gale and high waves from before the typhoon approach.
The Japan Meteorological Agency's 20,000 forecasters said they hope to ask residents in areas that may be affected to evacuate at an early date in accordance with the relevant local government's evacuation advisory.
Four of the seven indicators, which are comparable with the previous month, deteriorated.
Tokyo, Aug. 7 (Jiji Press)--The Finance Ministry revised up its economic assessment for Hokkaido in a quarterly regional economic report, while the Chugoku region, which was hit by torrential rain in July, suspended its assessment.
Talks on issues related to the deployment, such as environmental conservation and compensation for accidents, have been suspended since the February accident of a helicopter crash in Kanzaki, Saga Prefecture, central Japan.
The wind speed is 25 meters or more within 70 kilometers of the center of the typhoon, and 15 meters or more within 560 kilometers east of the center and 280 kilometers west of the center.
The Japanese insurer will also form a sales alliance with the Suncorp group, aiming to expand its Australian operations by utilizing the group's sales network.
This is the second time for applications for checks on compliance with new regulatory standards for a nuclear power plant under construction, after Japan Power Co.'s Oma nuclear power plant in December 2014 called for the screening of the town of Oma in Aomori Prefecture, central Japan.
"As Lawson operates across the country, we hope to contribute to regional economies together with financial institutions in each region," he said.
The survey questions include the number of examinees by gender and age in the past six years, as well as the number of successful applicants.
The fish wholesaler, therefore, cooperates with the transport company to store frozen tuna in trucks with powerful freezers until just before 4:30 a.m., when the sales location opens.
At a summit meeting in 2016, Japan and Russia designated 18 years as the year for Japan-Russia exchanges.
The proceeds from the lottery will be a precious source of funds for local governments, but they tend to decrease, with their earnings slumping to 299.6 billion yen in fiscal 2017 from 439.8 billion yen in fiscal 2005.
In fiscal 2016, 60.3 pct of schools were handling their own meals costs and 39.7 pct of those handled by local governments, according to the education ministry's survey.
The envisioned LDP special council intends to urge the government to secure the budget for the issues outside the scope of the usual science, technology and university budgets.
Two years after JX Holdings Inc. and TonenGeneral Oil Co. integrated their management to create JXTG, Idemitsu and Showa Shell Co. also integrated in April 2019 and the industry is heading for the three-strong period.
Sao Paulo, Aug. 14 (Jiji Press)--Japanese Foreign Minister Taro Kono and his Peruvian counterpart, Nestle Popolicio, agreed Tuesday to urge the dictator of Venezuelan President Nicholas Madro to democratize his country.
Under the name of Shinzo Abe, the LDP president, Masahiko Shibayama, special assistant to the party's president, who visited the shrine on behalf of the shrine, paid the tamagushi fee as a representative.
On May 29, 2015, an explosive eruption occurred in Shindake, forcing all residents to evacuate outside the islands after the agency raised the alert level for an eruption requiring immediate evacuation to 5.
As no eruption occurred last after a small eruption on June 19, 2015, the agency had lowered its volcanic alert level to 3 degrees from 5 in June 2016 and to Level 2 in April this year.
Meanwhile, the number of visitors from China rose 12.6 pct to 879,100, Taiwan by 3.1 pct to 469,500 and the United States by 13.4 pct to 146,700.
According to the ministry, the prefectural disaster management air corps informed the ministry of the helicopter's flight plan at 8:53 a.m., which falls just before Friday's flight.
In addition, it was also found that the prefectural disaster management air corps had contacted the ministry's Tokyo airport office around 11:19 a.m. on Friday, although helicopter had not arrived at the heliport in Maebashi.
One of the experts reported that the Japanese had five DNA types and 54 Filipinos types among the 110 remains examined.
Tokyo, Aug. 17 (Jiji Press)--The Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology said Friday that Japanese high school students won three gold medals and one silver medal at the 12th International Geology Olympics held in Thailand this month.
The ministry will increase the number of immigration officers and immigration control officers to make it stricter about how foreigners work and how to deal with illegal stays in Japan.
The meeting will include the Group of 20 Member Countries, Regions and G-20 Leaders' Meeting to be held in Osaka in June.
The face photos are taken with a camera installed at the unmanned gate and automatically checked against the photo of a passport with an IC chip for identification.
"We must promote cooperation in order to increase the number of signatories further," he said, expressing his intention to step up efforts to increase the number of signatories.
Of the 18 areas in the RCEP negotiations, 16 countries, including China, have already agreed on four areas, including government procurement, customs procedures and trade facilitation.
The utilization of nursing care robots, which help people defecate and walk, is expected to substantially reduce physical burdens on nursing care staff and reduce labor shortages in the nursing care industry.
Later in the day, Suga cited issues such as promoting distribution of used handsets and the lifting of SIM locks to prevent handsets sold by mobile carriers from being used over lines of other companies.
The total number of foreign visitors in the six northeastern Japan prefectures in 2017 stood at about 950,000, up about 90 pct from 10 years, but only 1.3 pct of the total number of visitors across Japan.
The ministry is considering demanding 5,935.1 billion yen in its fiscal 2019 budget estimates, up 11.8 pct from the previous year's budget.
Japan and the United States are fully united in their policy of realizing the full denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula, Abe said.
The South American country substantially eased its regulations in December 2012.|But continued to impose restrictions on Fukushima products, such as obliging them to submit production area certificates and radioactive substance inspection certificates.
The four firms plan to negotiate such issues as joint work to build and decommission nuclear plants in Japan, as well as the establishment of a new company to manage the maintenance of nuclear plants, the sources said.
The agency announced high-temperature advisory information to the Sea of Japan coastal areas, including the Hokuriku region, calling attention to heatstroke.
Of the five firms, Diamet, which handles auto parts, may have been continuing to falsify since around 1977 at the latest.|The company's then president had instructed continued shipments of illegal products after the discovery of the irregularities.
While evacuation orders were issued for part of the city of Katano, Osaka Prefecture, many municipalities in western Japan, including the city of Marugame, Kagawa Prefecture, were given evacuation orders.
Fukui, Aug. 25 (Jiji Press)--The government carried out a comprehensive disaster drill on Saturday on the assumption that Kansai Electric's Oi and Takahama nuclear plants both in Fukui Prefecture, central Japan, suffered severe accidents.
The experiment vehicle, equipped with a ZMP-developed autonomous driving system in a minivan, automatically performs steering wheel, accelerator and brake operations.
After the ruling, the victim's daughter, 49, told reporters, "I think the ruling is lighter than the weight of the mother's life, and the law is not in line with the times."
In 2017, the number of newly found AIDS virus-HIV sufferers fell 35 to 976, while that of new sufferers who had already developed AIDS was down 24 to 413.
The misregistration was found at 27 of the 33 central government agencies surveyed, up over 80 pct.
Tokyo, Aug. 28 (Jiji Press)--The Internal Affairs and Communications Ministry's Fire and Disaster Management Agency plans to strengthen safety measures for antidisaster helicopters held by local governments in the wake of the recent fatal accident of a disaster-management helicopter, Jiji Press learned Tuesday.
The document noted Chinese President Xi Jinping's remark that his country will accelerate the development of intelligence militarization, deter war and win the war.
Tokyo, Aug. 29 (Jiji Press)--The Cabinet Office plans to extend a system under which companies who donate to local governments working on regional revitalization receive tax benefits, sources familiar with the plan told Jiji Press on Wednesday.|The Cabinet Office plans to extend the current deadline of fiscal 2019 for five years, according to sources familiar with the plan.
It aims to acquire one jet and one surveying machine in order to strengthen its system for marine surveillance and marine surveys.
Instead of considering the issue as an extension of the conventional policy, Japan needs to see what is truly necessary defense force for the country, he stressed.
At the day's parliamentary meeting, some companies and groups attending the meeting said they want the Japanese government to closely cooperate with U.S. aviation authorities after the U.S. government is considering drawing up air regulations for flying vehicles.
Abe, who has made his strong ties with Trump one of the selling points, also stressed that "Japan-U.S. ties are more robust than ever before" in the run-up to the ruling Liberal Democratic Party leadership election in September.
Of the total, 24.7 billion yen will go to the Group of 20 countries, regions and G-20 summit meeting in Osaka in June and 1.2 billion yen to the Seventh Tokyo International Conference on African Development, or TICAD VII, meeting in Kanagawa in August.
Housing for rent fell 1.4 pct to 35,847 units, down for the 14th consecutive month, partly due to lower supply of private apartments.
About 110 free school operating groups and nonprofit organizations joined by related groups in Japan have introduced on their Web sites information about groups offering shelter and providing free telephone consultations during the period for two years.
Although the fishermen's side claims dolphin fishing as Japanese tradition and culture, the current fishing is not traditional as ships and fishing gear are incomparably advanced from the past, the organizers insisted.
Last year, a bomber capable of carrying the missile was seen passing through the airspace between Okinawa's main island and Miyakojima to enter the Kii Peninsula or pass through the Tsushima Strait.
Spending growth was heavy at information and communications machinery, including semiconductors, chemical products and machinery makers for transportation.
Recurring profits at manufacturers rose 27.5 pct to 10,046.6 billion yen due to growth at information and communications machinery makers and production machinery makers.
The total sales at all companies surveyed rose 5.1 pct to 344,061.9 billion yen, supported by increased sales of electronic parts for automobiles and industrial machinery and brisk vehicle exports to Asia.
Meanwhile, the rainy season in the Kanto region, including Tokyo, was confirmed around June 29, the earliest since that year.
At a press conference on Tuesday, the chief cabinet secretary also said, "It is important for companies, universities and other parties to discuss students while giving due consideration to them," indicating that the government plans to carefully watch the course of the discussions.
Matsui told a press conference that this is "an emergency." If the functions of the airport deteriorate, it would be necessary to complement the entrance and exit functions from overseas, he said.
In order to gather information, the government set up a task force office at the government office's crisis management center.
Meanwhile, the total demand for "zaito" fiscal investment and loan program has fallen 12,059.3 billion yen, the lowest level in the past 20 years, down 12.9 pct from the initial plan, due to a downtrend in demand for "zaito" financial investment and loan funds following the economic recovery.
Meanwhile, Language One Tokyo, which undertakes telephone interpretation operations and other operations, has started offering interpretation services free of charge via phone calls compatible with 12 languages, including English and Korean.
The epidemic, known as swine cholera, occurs in pigs and boars.
Eating infected pork will not be infectious to humans.
Only one of the three-row production lines at the plant, which makes canned beer and other products, has resumed operations.
The prime minister also said he plans to raise the consumption tax rate from 8 pct to 10 pct in October next year as planned.
If the latest price increase is passed on to retail prices, the amount of increase in household thin flour will be around 3.8 yen per kilogram, the ministry said.
PJ's 2000-46-year-old MPD, which serves as a handle for another rescue dog, recalls that it was difficult for the rescue dog to snag a human smell as the soil was covering up the house.
The Finance Ministry said the negative effects of torrential rain in western Japan in July are seen in some parts of the Chugoku and Shikoku regions, but the effects on the overall Japanese economy will be limited.|The latest survey "reflects the overall economic trend in which the economy is recovering moderately," Finance Ministry officials said.
Applicants who are born on or before April 1, 2002, can choose up to three areas of hope from nine areas--guidance, sports, mobile support, attestation, operational support, health care, technology, media and ceremony.
In the event of a series of earthquakes in Kumamoto in 2016, the Web site introduced a system allowing municipalities that are not affected by the disaster to act on behalf of affected municipalities, such as those that accept donations and issue recipient certificates, in order to reduce their burdens.
Meanwhile, prices of electric and transportation equipment fell 0.4 pct, respectively.
Of the 414 cases, about 60 pct of the total had accidents involving violations of the law, such as not going over a crossroads while near a crossroads.
The Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry aims to lower the purchase price from companies of 18 yen per kilowatt-hour in fiscal 2018 to 8.5 yen in fiscal 2224 and that from households to 11 yen in fiscal 2527, respectively.
Abe rebutted that his policy is not a confrontational structure between the local economy and Tokyo.|If Tokyo's economy improves, the prices of farm produce produced in local areas will also increase, Abe said.
Although the research itself that won the award did not bear fruit, Oct. 2000 told Jiji Press before the award ceremony, "The latest study became the starting point of my own research aimed at achieving zero deaths from large cancer."
The U.S. special representative, at a meeting with the secretary-general of the Group of Families of Abduction Victims and others later in the day, vowed to give all he can to the return of Japanese victims.
Tokyo, Sept. 14 (Jiji Press)--The approval rate for the cabinet of Prime Minister Shinzo Abe rose 3.2 pct from a month before to 41.7 pct, exceeding disapproval for the first time in seven months, a September poll released by Jiji Press on Friday showed.
Mitsubishi Heavy plans to use part of some 120 billion yen to eliminate its debt overages in fiscal 2018, particularly in such ways as debt-servicing, the sources said.
The ministry also said that the population of people aged 70 or older was 26.18 million, accounting for 20.7 pct of the total population.
The upgrade also follows the ministry's decision to acquire 27 billion yen per aircraft at the U.S. government's Chartered Military Aid FMS Corp. for E2D, an early warning aircraft with increased search capabilities, in order to strengthen its monitoring capabilities over the Nansei Islands of Japan's Nansei Islands.
Before the Typhoon 21 disaster, Kansai Air's international flights were about 170 round-trip services a day.|Currently, the number of flights has fallen to around 70.
Exports rose 5.3 pct to 1,245.9 billion yen, led by increases in drugs, construction and mining machinery, while imports rose 21.5 pct to 790.1 billion yen, the highest figure on record for August, thanks to increased purchases of aircraft.
The Fico group will also consider acquiring a majority stake in Tech Bureau and sending a majority board director.
The Hayabusa-2 dropped the Minerva 2-1 exploration robot toward the north side of the equator at around 1:06 p.m., or 4:06 a.m., when it reached an altitude of about 55 meters above the Ryugubu line.
Halifax, Canada, Sept. 20 (Jiji Press)--Environment, marine and energy ministers from the Group of Seven advanced countries agreed Thursday to promote recycling of plastic waste and develop disposal technologies as part of efforts to reduce emissions of marine plastic debris.
The figure was up 2.2 pct at 1,992,000 tons for electric furnace steels using iron scrap, while that for iron-fired steel used as a main material was up 0.5 pct at 6,813,000 tons.
By type, the figure was up 1.3 pct for H-shape steel used for large buildings and 1.2 pct for small bar steels used for housing.
While Trump is flagging additional tariffs on imported vehicles and parts, Abe hopes to avoid the U.S. president's additional tariffs by emphasizing the importance of free trade based on international rules, informed sources said.
The DI is calculated by deducting the proportion of companies seeing business conditions as bad from the proportion of companies seeing them as good.
Japan's Defense Ministry has set aside a budget for research and development for the glider since fiscal 2018.|The ministry requested a budget of 13.8 billion yen for related expenditures for the next fiscal year from April.
Newspaper and magazine ads also grew 9.7 pct and 4.3 pct, respectively.
The average premium rate also rose to a record 9.167 pct, as 204 unions increased premium rates.
Transport demand, such as auto parts and electronic parts, between the two regions has increased substantially in recent years, the sources said.
Tokai No. 2 will reach its 40-year operating deadline on Nov. 27.|The extension of the operating period requires a series of separate approvals by the Nuclear Regulation Authority, including a construction plan that details designs of equipment and facilities.
The minister said in the statement that individual management decisions will be made at the responsibility of TEPCO management and that supporting TEPCO will not cause major difficulties in compensation and decommissioning work to residents and companies affected by the nuclear accident, according to the sources.
At its mainstay Oppama plant in Yokosuka, Kanagawa Prefecture, western Japan, and four other plants in Japan, they were allegedly rewriting exhaust gas data or handling invalid data as valid data, according to Nissan.
The agency advises those who have not been infected with rubella and those who have not received vaccinations.
In response to Rouhani's call for cooperation to continue the nuclear deal, Abe stressed that it is important to implement it continuously.
International cargo volume fell 10 pct to 168,510 tons.|Jet fuel refueling volume fell 2 pct to 373,805 kiloliters.
Instead of escaping auto tariffs, the EU agreed to start talks on tariff cuts for industrial products excluding automobiles.
Referring to the recent Kenhoren survey, Oct. 2000 showed that some elderly people are also calling for raising the proportion of out-of-pocket elderly people.
On his relationship with the General Association of Korean Residents in Japan, or Chongryon, the presiding judge pointed out that there is a reasonable suspicion that Chongryon has been controlled by Chongryon over the limit and that it would distort the independence of education.
Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga told Trump at the meeting that "it is important for the country to continue introducing high-performance equipment, including U.S. equipment, in order to respond to the severe security environment, that is how it will enhance its defense capabilities," according to Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga.
The increase apparently reflected an increase in the number of foreigners who stay in Japan, such as those who study or work in Japan.
At 10 a.m. in Nanjo, Okinawa Prefecture, before 1 p.m. on Greenwich Standard Time, the maximum instantaneous wind speed of 56.2 meters, the steepest on record at the station, was observed.
The company, which is under management reconstruction, plans to hire 1,500 employees in April 2019, up 1.7-fold from the level adopted in April 2015 before the company's accounting fraud was discovered.
The government is working out a two-stage supplementary budget.|The first supplementary measure will focus mainly on recovery from recent natural disasters, such as a powerful earthquake in Hokkaido last month, while the second one will focus on disaster-related projects.
In August, the Japanese automaker was seeking a new partner by cancelling a capital alliance with Toyota.
The proposed lump-sum payments will also be paid to those who agreed to infertility surgeries and those who underwent other types of surgeries, such as hysterectomies.
Nemuro, Hokkaido, Oct. 5 (Jiji Press)--A joint survey team of the Japanese and Russian governments on Japan-Russia joint economic activities in the disputed Northern Territories returned to Hokkaido's Nemuro port on Friday after their activities there.
Toshiyuki Matsumori, head of the Japan Meteorological Agency's Earthquake and Tsunami Surveillance Division, said that earthquake activities in the area will continue for the time being.
The 2,000-50-year-old farm operator in the Tomiri district of Atsuma Town, where four people died in the mudslide, joined up with 39-year-old friends who died in the disaster.
The IOC asked the Tokyo Organizing Committee to move up the start time for the sport last month, the sources said, adding that the Boat Federation hopes to finish the sport in the morning to protect its players from the heat of midsummer.
"The world is trying to reduce slaughter punishment," he said.|The local government's plan is that slaughter punishment is inevitable."
The company saw its operating revenue grow only slightly due to the closure of unprofitable outlets.|Still, net profit rose 35.8 pct to 30.3 billion yen, thanks to gains on sales of supermarkets subsidiaries in Hong Kong.
Although Japan was the top Thai in the February survey, along with Singapore, Japan rose to the top spot in the latest rankings after Myanmar's exemption from visas for Japanese tourists this month.
Uny Famima aims to focus management resources on its core convenience store operations by separating its slumping supermarket operations.
Tokyo, Oct. 11 (Jiji Press)--About 90 pct of 380 municipalities that have been asked by the Ministry of Internal Affairs and Communications to review "hometown tax" in return for a system to be donated to local governments are set to do so at their request, a Jiji Press survey found Thursday.
According to a business plan submitted by the metropolitan government to the Ministry of Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries in August, fishery product handling at the Toyosu market in fiscal 2023 is estimated at 616,400 tons, up 60 pct from that at the Tsukiji market in 2017.
The survey also showed that 56.8 pct of those who keep their pet always said they would go to shelter together, while 10 pct said they would not go to shelter to be with their pet.
Although the G-20 is facing trade tensions between its members, the differences should be resolved directly by members related to the tensions, he said.
In order to prevent excessive return items, the Ministry of Internal Affairs and Communications issued a notice to each local government calling for curbing the procurement price of such items to 30 pct or less of the amount of donations.
Aeon and Fuji will jointly develop private brand products to be sold in the Shikoku and Chugoku regions, where Fuji is based, in addition to their joint procurement efforts.
Besides Ehime, Fuji operates a total of over 90 general supermarkets and food supermarkets in the three Shikoku prefectures of Kagawa, Kochi and Tokushima, as well as Hiroshima and two Chugoku prefectures of Yamaguchi.
The final ruling found Kumamoto District Court and Fukuoka High Court were guilty only based on confessions made during the investigative stage of 2000.
In Taki Chemical, a researcher who had been studying mushrooms at the university had started research on fully artificial cultivation of Baka matsutake for about six years.
Regarding the reason for the decision to introduce the system, the ministry explained that it is necessary to introduce a missile that allows Self-Defense Forces personnel to deal with safety from outside the threat zone of their counterparts.
The crested ibis project started in 2008, with a total of 308 released birds in Japan so far.
Three types of trading methods will be tested, including the auction method, in which the prices of buy orders and sell orders are set at the same time.
After the Board of Inspection examined a total of 110 tunnels being inspected by the three firms in fiscal 2016 and 17, no fiberscope checks were conducted on all of them.
Of the costs, 727.5 billion yen, include disposal of disaster debris, financial assistance for affected small and midsize businesses and support for the restoration of the Kansai International Airport Liaison Bridge damaged by a tanker that was washed away during the passage of a large typhoon.
Of them, 21 groups confirmed damage, 11 groups said it difficult to investigate, while 14 groups are under investigation.
It is expected to present a specific purpose for the talks with Japan 30 days before the start of the talks.
The system glitch occurred on Oct. 9 on one of the four lines linking the TSE's trading system and securities firms.
For this reason, the government will ask card firms and settlement service firms to lower their fees during the period.
He competed in the Olympics for the fourth consecutive time since the 2004 Summer Olympics in Greece.
The government hopes to finish the review of the subgroup by the end of the week on the draft bill for the revision.|Japan Democratic Party of Japan and its coalition partner, New Komeito, aims to submit the bill to the Diet by the end of the next week.
The total number of store visitors fell 2.6 pct, down for the first time in two months, to 1,343.28 million, but the purchase amount per customer rose 6.3 pct to 623 yen, reflecting the demand.
In the report, lending has been increasing mainly at companies with relatively low creditworthiness due to loosening lending attitudes among financial institutions due to large-scale monetary easing.
In September 2012, a law to realize the initiative was enacted.|TOCOM, however, has been reluctant by the economic and agriculture, forestry and fisheries ministries of TOCOM and the ministries and agencies in charge, and the plan has not been realized.
The blackout in Hokkaido was caused mainly by the suspension of all three of Hokkaido Electric's Tomato Koshin thermal power plants, which covered about half of electricity used in Hokkaido until the Sept. 6 earthquake, after the disaster, as well as the suspension of hydropower plants due to power transmission line damage.
Meanwhile, prices continued rising in civil engineering, building services and job placement services on the back of labor shortages.
Of the country's 538 plants that carried out the survey, a total of eight were found to have developed the cancer at six of the manufacturing companies.
The test delivery was carried out in about 9 kilometers between a post office in the city of Minamisoma and a post office in the town of Namie.
Ayako bowed the same way at the Imperial Palace, which enshrines the spirits of past Emperor and Imperial Family members, and the Imperial Palace, which enshrines the nation's Kami.
The Japanese side will continue strongly urging China to ease the ban, aiming to realize the easing until Chinese President Xi Jinping's visit to Japan, which is expected to occur as early as next year.
The Emperor and Empress attended the event almost every time since its first meeting in Oita Prefecture, central Japan, in 1981.
The Trump administration has complained that Japan has tariffs and nontariff barriers in the fields of automobiles, agriculture and services, with fierce discussions expected between the two sides over these areas, observers said.
Hitachi and SBI plan to utilize huge amounts of settlement data to provide management advice to customers and various new services, such as preventing illegal settlements.
Some 47,000 troops from the Self-Defense Forces and 9,500 troops from the U.S. military will take part in such drills as ballistic missile defense and remote island defense.
Under the current international taxation rules, the government cannot, in principle, impose taxes on foreign companies that do not have such a head office as a factory or a branch within their jurisdiction.
The interim report on digital taxation compiled by the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development in March calls for a review of the tax principle.
After Abe offered his congratulatory address, the Crown Prince said, "Help each other to build a grinning, brighter family."
Of the four items that make up the index, those for living conditions deteriorated for the second consecutive month, while those for income growth and the employment environment deteriorated, respectively.
Meanwhile, KDDI, which is strengthening its services other than its core, such as settlement services and Internet mail-order sales, will use Rakuten's logistics infrastructure to improve its distribution and distribution operations.
In 2005, two F-15 fighter jets affiliated with the Chitose base in Hokkaido, northeastern Japan, came into contact during combat training with similar air-powered aircraft.
Aiming to strengthen cooperation with related organizations, a total of 142 municipalities joined the meeting, up from the 59 in the previous survey.
This is the first time for Japan to recall goods from the ISS.|Until now, the collection of goods has been limited to the United States and Russia.
The government plans to take measures to ensure that the three major mobile phone carriers and mobile distributors display ads appropriately.
In a joint press statement issued after the meeting, Abe explained that the two sides agreed that full implementation of U.N. Security Council resolutions against North Korea is necessary for the full denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula.
The Grand Consecutive Holidays are designed to increase the mood of people's congratulatory messages toward the Crown Prince's accession to the Imperial Throne and reduce the impact on people's lives following the current change of the name from Heisei, which will also take place on May 1, government officials said.
At the meeting, Abe and Pence agreed that full implementation of a U.N. Security Council resolution against North Korea is necessary for the full denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula.
If the conclusion is realized, the RCEP would create an economic zone that accounts for half of the world's population and 30 pct of the world's total trade value and gross domestic product.
He called on the country, which maintains import restrictions on Japanese food, to remove and ease the restrictions as soon as possible.
Eight livestock-raising facilities are located in the area, with a total of about 8,500 pigs and boars kept there, the sources said.
In particular, the figure for Chugoku and Shikoku rose 5.9 pct to 64.7 pct and that for Chubu was up 4.0 pct to 76.0 pct.
The company's presidents and captains are suspected of failing to check the total body weight before takeoff and flying over the plane in violation of rules set by the Civil Aviation Act and other rules, the sources said.
With regard to the law for promoting women's participation in the workforce, the ministry aims to expand the scope to 101 or more companies in drawing up an action plan that currently obliges companies with 301 or more employees.
In October, Japan's trade balance with China was a deficit of 406.2 billion yen, up 52.1 pct, the seventh consecutive month of deficit, reflecting growth in imports of clothing and mobile phones.
In its proposal in May, the LDP had called on the government to consider including in its guidelines acquisition of the ability to attack enemy bases, which are necessary to attack ballistic missiles and other weapons targeting Japan.
At its board meeting on Thursday, Nissan will submit a proposal to lift the post of chairman and representative director of the suspect.
Noting that the future is a new priority for the Russian economy and industry, he expressed hopes that Japan's high-tech industries will expand investment and promote technical cooperation with Russia.
The recommendation also called on the government to target low-income households and child-rearing families for planned premium-carrying gift vouchers.
According to the sources, the Japanese side proposed that the private sector should leave the future of Rengo to the private sector as it is a story between private-sector companies, while the Buddhist side did not raise objections.
The team, led by Prof. 000 and Prof. 0000, injects some 2 million neuroprogenitor cells, which have been changed from iPS cells, into the damaged sites of four patients who were only 2 or four weeks old from spinal cord injury.
Abe welcomed the country's recent lifting of import suspension measures for Niigata Prefecture-grown rice shortly after the March 2011 severe accident at Tokyo Electric Power Co.'s Fukushima No. 1 nuclear power plant in northeastern Japan.
Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga told a press conference, "We hope that the construction will proceed after fully ensuring safety and giving maximum consideration to the natural environment and the living environment."
In 2016, a dish using coriander was selected, and in 2017, a dish using chicken breast meat was selected.
In goods trade, the country posted a trade deficit of 321.7 billion yen, the first deficit in two months, with imports exceeding exports growth.
In July-December, a Chinese court sentenced a man in Aichi Prefecture to 12 years in prison, a man in Kanagawa Prefecture, west of Tokyo, to five years in prison, and a woman in Tokyo, to six years in prison.
In October, orders from manufacturers rose 12.3 pct, marked strong demand from oil and coal product makers and automakers.
According to the elementary school, a total of 693 evacuations of children from the schoolyard in the past year have had to take refuge five times during a physical education class.
In addition, the Mitsubishi Regional Jet, Japan's first domestically produced small jet, and the Boeing unit, which makes main wings for Boeing Co. aircraft, will be integrated, the company's president said.
Of the total, 60 F35As will be air force-specific and the rest will be the Marine Corps-specific F35B.
The number of club activities advisers will increase by 4,500 to 9,000, while that of support staff helping teachers prepare for classes will increase by 600 to 3,600.
Asked about multiple support details, a majority cited "welfare and nursing care," followed by "culture, art and sports promotion," "child and youth development," and child-rearing support.
After announcing the start of PGS clinical research in February 2017, the ministry plans to continue clinical research.
Meanwhile, Finance Minister Takumi Nemoto and Health, Labor and Welfare Minister Takumi Nemoto agreed that the central government will shoulder the full amount in the first half year of the draft financial resources for the grant of early child education and childcare, which will start in October 2019, and the central and local governments will in principle shoulder one-half of the total for the rest of the year.
Construction costs for the Shinkansen Line will be used first to cover loan fees paid by JR companies for the use of facilities, with the central government paying the remaining two-thirds and the rest by local governments.
Tamaki told reporters, "Municipalities are responsible for the implementation of the prefectural people's vote."|Opportunities for voting should not be lost."
At the Japan-U.S. summit, Reagan showed his intention to partially lift trade sanctions on Japan, saying that Japan and the United States will carry out the lifting of the sanctions in eight days.
There are also concerns about the impact of the Japanese government's decision to effectively exclude Chinese communications equipment products from the contract, market sources said.|Softbank uses Chinese Huawei Technology Huawei products.
Supported by strong exports stemming from the expansion of overseas economies and the yen's weakening, the Japanese economy achieved a prolonged economic expansion that led to higher stock prices and job growth.
The ministry will develop online Japanese-language textbooks for 100 million yen for foreigners living in remote islands and other places where it is difficult to use face-to-face Japanese language classes.
In the suit, Bombardier claims that former employees of the company were recruited by a subsidiary of Mitsubishi Heavy and misused classified information related to passenger aircraft certification for the development of the small jet, the Mitsubishi Regional Jet.|Bombardier Corp., demands damages and injunction against the use of the information.
Following the Oct. 30 ruling, South Korea's Supreme Court has ordered Japanese companies to pay compensation for wartime labor.
Under the response measures, the ministry will urge medical institutions to use telephone interpreters and ask them to deploy specialized medical interpreters at core facilities.
Japanese makers have maintained their technological superiority in battery operations for electric vehicles and other products.|But competition with South Korean and Chinese makers has intensified in recent years.
Human Holdings operates more than 1,300 classrooms in Japan, making it one of the largest robot classrooms in Japan to teach more than 22,000 children.
The supervising group, in principle, is required to have trainees take Japanese language and daily lessons for two months, but the cooperative had allowed them to work at companies despite the training period.
After the acquisition, NEC intends to combine KMD's administrative AI services with its biometrics and artificial intelligence AI technologies.
Meanwhile, a total of 90 pct of respondents said that the Japan-U.S. security treaty is "extremely important" or "somewhat important" for U.S. security, up 3 points.
The survey was conducted over the phone in March this year by a U.S. research firm.
According to the defense, the 200-2000 suspect says, "We would like to speak in court if there is such a place."
Meanwhile, major tobacco companies have been focusing on sales of heated tobacco products in recent years.
The prefectural government installed the statue of Luffy on the prefectural government's site, attracting some 1,500 fans for the unveiling ceremony in November 2018.
Kazuo Shii, chairman of the Japanese Communist Party, expressed his resolve to end the period on moves to amend the constitution, saying, "Abe, who has been cursing the constitution, is not qualified to change the constitution."
Iwaya told a press conference, "It can depend on the course of the talks to exchange classified records with each other in order to firmly deepen talks with South Korea."
Abe's visit to the Netherlands has been since March 2014 and to Britain since April 2017.
The U.S. Coast Guard and the U.S. Navy are also investigating the accident.
In order to curb increased purchase costs stemming from increased use of renewable energy, the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry plans to lower the purchase price to around 8.50 yen in fiscal 2022.
Noting that six Japanese start-ups supported by the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry are participating in CES, Seko said, "We hope to increase the number of such Japanese companies by continuing to support them."
Even in industrial activities, which are believed to be less affected by the disaster, shipments of lithium-ion batteries to the United States and production and shipments of machinery for production decreased.
The number of bankruptcies fell in seven of the 10 industries.
The Infiniti Q50 2.2 d was sold in South Korea in 2014 and the Qashqai in 1516.
In the middle of the Meiji period, however, medical schools were scrapped one after another due to financial difficulties. The samples may have been donated to schools in the area, according to 2000.
In December, prices of oil and coal products rose 4.7 pct, a smaller increase than the 14.2 pct increase in the previous month.
The current law stipulates the no-fly airspace for drones and flight regulations, but there is no provision that requires pilots to report in the event of an accident, separately from police investigations.
Over drones, the government's Advisory Panel on Drones is discussing new rules for strengthening safety measures, such as mandatory checks before flights and a ban on flights when drunk.
Meanwhile, those who said they want to work even after the age of 66 accounted for more than half of the reasons, including 28.9 pct who said they want to live a life that is "moderately flexible," and 24.9 pct who think they will not have enough living expenses if they do not continue working.
By gender, the job offer rate was up 2.3 pct at 87.5 pct for male students and up 1.5 pct at 88.5 pct for female students.
The job offer rate was up 2.0 pct at 87.7 pct for students majoring in liberal arts and up 1.8 pct at 89.0 pct for students in science.
At their meeting in Argentina in December, the two leaders agreed to start the talks under a new framework headed by Taro Kono and Sergei Lavrov.
At their previous meeting, Abe and Putin instructed officials to make full progress in their joint work toward the start of joint economic activities on the Northern Islands.
A meeting of the two leaders, with only interpreters, was also held between a small group meeting and a working dinner.
"We will respond vigorously in line with the rules for response action" if Japan makes similar flights again, the operations headquarters chief said.
Of the total, 368 cases were due to product glitches, of which 209 were subject to the recall.
With regard to his responsibility, the company's president said, "It is the biggest responsibility to strengthen legal compliance."
Meanwhile, he did not clarify whether he will comply with the 2.5 pct ceiling although he said he will "set the ceiling" for fiscal 20 or later.
Data distribution is allowed free in principle in the United States.|Japan requires the consent of the person in principle for the transfer of personal information.
Those eligible for the relocation support will be those who live in the three prefectures of Saitama, Chiba and Kanagawa in the Tokyo metropolitan area over the last five years and commute within the Tokyo 23 wards of densely populated areas, who will move outside the metropolitan area.
Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga told a press conference the same day that Chief Cabinet Secretary Osamu Sadatsuka was present at the hearing in question and that he will not allow ministry officials to attend the upcoming new hearing.
White goods purchased using the country's home electronics eco-point system, which was implemented in 0911, will soon have a replacement period.
The catch limits for each of the 47 prefectures are set based on past catch results and other data.
Japanese Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga told a press conference that South Korea's action is "extremely problematic," noting that Japan has "implemented all the measures promised" in the Japan-South Korea agreement, adding, "We will continue to urge the South Korean side to steadily implement the measures."
In the revised measures, the ministry focused on providing information and strengthening measures to guide foreign visitors and others to evacuate smoothly in the event of an earthquake during the 2020 Tokyo Summer Olympics and Paralympics.
The ministry estimates that a strong tremor of the maximum magnitude of 7 from lower 6 on the Japanese seismic intensity scale will occur in a wide range of areas from the Kanto eastern region to the Kyushu southwestern region.
Otsu, Saga Pref., Feb. 2 (Jiji Press)--This is the first such drill conducted since the No. 3 and No. 4 reactors at the Genkai nuclear power plant in Saga Prefecture, central Japan, were restarted last year on Saturday.
The Emperor and the New Emperor will not be involved in the process of selecting the new era name.
In an attempt to attract families, the exhibition hall will focus on exhibitions and events for children.
20000 was detained by militants in Afghanistan for about five months in 2010.|16 years was also held by Kurdish local government authorities in Iraq.
"If the system will help reduce work and improve labor shortages," Kindai Fisheries Aquaculture Seedling Center Co. said, adding that the university aims to automate the sorting work itself in the future.
Under the local tax law revision, local governments will have to limit their return items to "local products whose procurement amount is 30 pct or less of the amount of donations."
Prices rose for 409 of the 744 items surveyed and fell for 266.
In clinical research and clinical trials using iPS cells, a team led by government-affiliated institutions, Riken, conducted the world's first transplant for intractable patients in 2014.
The automobile industry around the world is speeding up production of electric vehicles due to tightened environmental regulations.
The next-generation model of the model, currently produced in Britain, will be produced mainly in North America.
In Iwate, support staff for civil engineering and other professional positions are still needed, but it is becoming difficult to secure such staff from other local governments amid the outbreak of large-scale disasters across Japan, he said.
Tokyo, Feb. 21 (Jiji Press)--The total amount of damage from special scams, such as furikome scams, in Japan in 2018 fell 9.6 pct from a year before to 35.68 billion yen, down for the fourth consecutive year, the National Police Agency said Thursday.
The sample partial reshuffling method tends to pay more than the total reshuffling.
Those who pass the test can visit ministries and agencies except on July 17, when the final interview test will be conducted, and Aug. 2.
The ministries and agencies will evaluate students who visited the university by the announcement of their final pass and make a preliminary decision on the matter from Aug. 21, the day after the announcement of their final pass.
Still, Tamaki will notify the prime minister and the U.S. president of the results of the vote based on the prefectural people's voting ordinance.
The increase reflected labor shortages, with road freight transportation fees rising 3.1 pct and worker dispatch service fees rising 2.9 pct.
An exception is a mechanism by which banks can conditionally own a 5 pct stake in companies in financial difficulties for corporate management reconstruction.
However, there are concerns about environmental deterioration due to waste liquid from the cleaning process while the sanitary environment is not secured.
As of the end of March last year, there were 723 such three-type train crossings and 2,726 four-type ones across Japan.
The ministry also said the industrial machinery shipment index fell 4.0 pct to 99.2 due chiefly to a drop in shipments of transport and production machinery.
The charges highlighted violations of the antiprostitution law and the law against child prostitution and pornography, according to the data.
"We will strengthen cooperation with Japan because of peace on the Korean Peninsula," Moon said in an English-language speech.|The past cannot be changed but the future can be changed.
Besides the 000-2000-20000-2001211111111111111111111111111111211121111111112111111211111121111211111211111111211111111211111111111111211111111
The 2000 defendants have been indicted for violating the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act, which is believed to have underreported compensation, as well as for a special breach of the Companies Act, which is believed to have hurt Nissan.
At the plant, Nissan is considering reducing production lines for its Qashqai sport-utility vehicle and Leaf electric vehicle to a two-shift system from a three-shift system, according to Sky News.
Last month, the company withdrew part of its production plan at the plant in order to transfer production to Japan.
In its structural reforms announced in November 2017, Mizuho FG had shown its intention to reduce the number of employees by 19,000 by fiscal 2026 and reduce the number of its group's business bases to some 400 by fiscal 24.
The company is also considering halting three other domestic and overseas plants for several weeks or so.
Suntory may change the advisability and size of the price increase depending on the region, the company's president said.
The number of bankruptcies fell six of the 10 industries surveyed, including retailers and manufacturers.
Following the whistle-blowing over the alleged misconduct by the 2000 defendants, Nissan started a full-fledged internal investigation in June and informed prosecutors as well, the sources said.
A little more than 25 pct of respondents said they "know well" and "know to some extent" about the recognition level of cyberinsurance.
According to a survey conducted by the Internal Affairs and Communications Ministry's Fire and Disaster Management Agency last year, about 30 pct of the country's 332 fire headquarters, which stipulates a response policy for those who are asked to stop reviving, said they will stop reviving under certain conditions.
Finance Minister Taro Aso told the House of Representatives Financial Services Committee on Tuesday that retaliatory measures such as additional tariffs, suspension of remittances and suspension of visa visas.
Orders from manufacturers fell 1.9 pct, the third consecutive negative figure, reflecting sluggish demand at electric machinery makers and information and communications machinery makers.
Touching on the corporate culture of putting priority on delivery dates and the management's lack of awareness about quality compliance, Kobe Steel was forced to say it was "a habitual culprit," adding that Kobe Steel's "criminal responsibility is heavy," the judge concluded.
Subaru Kogyo will withdraw from its film business to focus on road repair and cleaning operations.
Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga told a press conference that his government plans to promote the use of the My Number card, saying that "if the card is not used by the public, it would hamper opportunities to improve convenience and improve the economy's productivity."
The Egyptian military is continuing its minesweeping operations while cooperating with the Israeli military.
Since around April, the ministry plans to launch the first nationwide survey on foreign children's attendance at school, calling on local governments to cooperate in the survey.
Emperor Akihito will be offered his last words after Abe gives his "national representative speech."
The Chief Cabinet Secretary said, "We are determined to decisively condemn the despicable terrorist attacks and firmly work with New Zealand, Australia and the international community to fight terrorism."
The company decided to shift to a pepper lunch restaurant for two of the remaining four outlets.
The contributors are believed to be scholars of Japanese literature, Chinese literature, Japanese history and History of the East.
The government is considering a proposal to drill some 77,000 dregs into the soft ground, but the government estimates that it will take three years and eight months for the ground improvement work.
The survey was conducted by the Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare on all 8,417 hospitals across Japan, with 47.3 pct of 3,980 hospitals responding.
The panel plans to reflect the proposal in its integrated innovation strategy to be compiled around June and its AI strategy to be drawn up by summer.
The proceeds will mainly be used to procure materials for the production of the latest iPhone iPhone iPhone model by U.S. Apple Inc., a major Japan Display customer, and to finance the company.
The DI is the percentage of companies that said their business conditions are "good," minus those that said they are "bad."
On March 14 this year, the government asked scholars specializing in Japanese literature, Chinese literature, Japanese history and Toyo history to devise the new era name.
The Yodobashi Camera store operator plans to buy all outstanding shares in the target company, including those held by investment fund Advantage Partners, which currently owns ICI Ishii Sports.
Three of the seven indicators, which are currently available from the previous month, improved, including "shipments of durable consumer goods."
Abe said, "We will confirm close cooperation for the success of the G-20 Osaka summit and further strengthen cooperation with other countries."
According to the team, an image of a black hole inside a ring of brightly glowing gas at the center of the M87 was obtained after about two years of work to analyze data obtained with such a technology as to be able to identify a golf ball placed on the surface of the moon from Earth.
The company bought the crew used by the family of the 2000 suspects, according to the sources.|The questioning apparently asked him to explain the flow of funds and how the crew was purchased.
The leasing company, Orix, announced last week that it has started a new business to support business succession.
The onshore pictogram was designed with a prosthetic leg of a starting player and a disabled player swimming in one arm even in the racetrack pictogram.
The agency official said, "A package, such as an LED light bulb, shows what type of lighting equipment it can be attached to."|Even if it is already attached, "I want sales representatives and others to check whether it is the correct combination or not if they are uneasy."
Sharp expects corporate demand, such as at design offices, for the launch of the three Big Pad models because it can clearly display fine letters and design drawings as well.
The monthly amount of 7,000 yen or 13,000 yen per plaintiff was reduced to 4,500 yen or 9,000 yen per month in the trial ruling.
The company also said it will offer an app this summer to allow general users to read works posted, adding that the app can also read works of well-known authors, such as 0000, as e-books.
A supplementary resolution to the Emperor Akihito's one-time special law on the Emperor's resignation of the Imperial Throne stipulates that "after the effectuation of the law on April 30 this year, when Emperor Akihito will resign, the government should examine the situation promptly and report the results to the Diet, or parliament, promptly."
In December last year, the central government agency agreed not to procure the equipment with the unauthorized functions, apparently keeping in mind the equipment of China's Huawei Technology Huawei and Zhong Heung Tong Office ZTE.
Kono said, "Japan and the United States will strengthen bilateral cooperation, including in new areas, to further strengthen their alliance."
"Demand was strong in the manufacturing and construction industries but failed to meet such demand," Tetsuren said.
For many years, Japanese companies have adopted planned new university graduates as future executive candidates and unified their recruitment schedules under the initiative of Keidanren.
The network holds an international conference once a year to foster female politicians and strengthen ties between politicians.
Suga said, "Various obstacles have come into sight to expand exports further."|We hope to remove them."
The crater is estimated to be 10 meters in diameter and the world's first successful crater generation on an asteroid, according to JAXA.
The first of the three ceremonies is the Emperor Akihito's abdicated ceremony, called "Taiki Reishoden no Gi," and such a ceremony is the first in constitutional history.
On Wednesday, Crown Prince Naruhito, 59, will take over the status of the Emperor, which is stipulated as "a symbol of Japan and a symbol of the unity of the Japanese people," according to the constitution.
"If Nippon Steel's assets are unfairly sold, it would be totally unacceptable and the Japanese government is taking the situation even more seriously," he said.
Companies with many female board members tend to be more profitable than those that do not.
Among the 12 host cities, the organizing committee has already held briefings in the city of Sapporo, Hokkaido and Oita, where many foreigners are expected to visit.
"It is important to resolve issues through political dialogue, including the U.S.-North Korea dialogue," Wang said, referring to the intended launch and other issues.
Looking ahead, 62.5 pct of respondents said they will work aggressively to improve the homestay rate for midsize employees, while 20.4 pct said they will work with some human resources.
For the year to March 2020 from this year, Mos Food Co. expects its net profit to recover to one billion yen.|Co. plans to accelerate its store operations in Asia while reducing sales in Japan.
The surface of the gold coins was adorned with a phoenix and a blue cloud symbolizing Emperor Akihito, and the surface of the copper coins was used in October for the "Takamikura" ceremony used in Emperor Naruhito's accession to the throne.
At the beginning of the meeting, Upper House Speaker Valentina Matvienko of the Russian Federal Council read on behalf of President Vladimir Putin's message, stressing, "Relations between regions are very important also in relations between the two countries."
Tokyo, May 14 (Jiji Press)--Foreign Minister Taro Kono told a press conference Tuesday that he will study countermeasures over Iran's flickering Strait of Hormuz in the Persian Gulf, which is at odds with the United States.|Kono said he wants to seriously consider how to deal with the situation if it happens to be blocked in reality.
Watami plans to foster personnel who work at its own stores first to help foreigners acquire new status of residence and to foster personnel who work at other companies.
"Peace and stability in the Middle East is an important part of the global economy and the world situation, and a vitally important area for our country, which depends on energy," Abe said.
Asahi Breweries Ltd. launched its "Kyokujo Kirare" Co. flavor in January this year, raising its sales target to 4 million cases from three million a year in April due to brisk sales.
An increase in tax revenue stemming from the economic recovery would not be enough to boost spending, and it would be necessary to use the organization's nontax revenue, such as retained earnings, the sources said.
In the job market for hiring new graduates, the number of job offers substantially exceeded that of job applicants.
The proportion of job-securing rates for university graduates was 97.3 pct, down 0.2 point for men, and 97.8 pct, down 0.8 point for women.
Business fixed investment was also down 0.3 pct, as firms refrained from investment amid the uncertain outlook for foreign demand.
The 1965 agreement stipulates that if the "dispute" between Japan and South Korea cannot be resolved in bilateral talks, the settlement will be left to the arbitration committee, which consists of three committee members appointed by the two countries and third-party panel members, respectively.
For China, exports fell 6.3 pct to 1,023.9 billion yen, down for the second consecutive month, while exports of semiconductor manufacturing equipment fell sharply.
During the severe accident, at least 99 cases were caused by misuse of the stove and others, of which 92 occurred at a stove that did not have a cooking oil heating prevention device or a cancellation safety device.
By category, "transportation and postal services" rose 1.2 pct and "various services" such as civil engineering buildings rose 1.1 pct.
The revised law will also oblige vehicles to be equipped with devices to record vehicle operation conditions and store such records in order to detect system glitches early and determine the causes of the accidents.
If the FCA joins the three-way coalition, the integrated corporate body will become the world's largest auto group with global sales of over 15 million units.
So far, the company has been working on the introduction of solar power generation facilities at some plants in Gunma and the introduction of electricity from renewable energy at Utsunomiya Works, which makes the aircraft.
Insurance is applied to inspections using the system for some cancer patients, including those who finish "standard treatment," which is widely recognized for its effects, such as surgery and radiation treatment.
Shiseido will strengthen sales of its medium-priced products through a broad sales network with 15,000 outlets mainly in Asia, including China.
Amid a series of child abuse cases, the disciplined right, which is allowed within the scope necessary for education and supervision of children, has been abused to justify parental abuse of children, according to the sources.
Three of the five areas in the park are expected to open in autumn 22 and the remaining two in about a year later.
The Osaka prefectural police department kept the purchase prices of police officers and staff members cheap by purchasing a large number of functionally limited models.
The United Nations estimated that the world's population aged 60 or older will reach 2 billion in 2050, or 20 pct of the total population.
The company will operate the entire line between Shin-Sugita and Kanazawa-Yakkei every 10 minutes, with the number of services being about 35 pct smaller than usual.
According to the bill, local governments hoping to join the initiative will set up a forum with the central government and private-sector companies to draw up plans that include deregulation measures necessary to realize the initiative and apply to the central government after obtaining local residents' consent.
Meanwhile, the number of bankruptcies rose 9 to 224 in the service sector, mainly in the restaurant sector, where labor shortages are severe, and 3 to 24 in the transport sector.
Nissin aims to partially replace petrochemical-derived plastic with plant-derived ones and raise the proportion of renewable resources used in Cup Noodles containers to 81 pct from the previous 71 pct.
Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga told a press conference Wednesday, "We plan to carry out empirical research by putting sensors manufactured by the Defense Ministry on advanced optical satellites that the Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency, or JAXA, plans to launch in fiscal 2020."
On the relationship between Prime Minister Shinzo Abe's visit to Iran and the attack, Suga said, "The visit was highly valued by the Iranian side and was meaningful from the viewpoint of easing tensions in the region."
The figure was 50.1 pct based on multiple responses from people who think the mandatory five-day paid leave would suffice, saying, "It is enough for the current holidays."
Of 61.4 pct of those who said they are single because they do not run into suitable opponents, "nothing in particular has happened" to take action to look for them.
The measures include considering preferential treatment for transfer procedures if technical intern trainees who will shift to the new Specified Skilled Worker No. 1 will work at the same company as before.
Exports of semiconductor and other manufacturing equipment fell 30.4 pct due to falling demand in China, South Korea and other countries.
In July 2016, the suspect's arrest charges are suspected of providing a total of some 69 million yen to the client side in January this year to cover losses stemming from foreign exchange margin trading for eight clients of the company.
The 0000 associate professor said, "If the purpose of the Nazca ground painting is revealed by identifying and compare birds offered to God in a religious ceremony and those drawn on earthenware used on a daily basis."
Emperor Michiko arrived at the hospital around 1:30 a.m. on Sunday at 10:30 a.m. and left the hospital around 4:30 p.m.
The measures also included active use of online surveys in order to reduce administrative burdens and improve the survey response rate.
Early Friday morning, the prince and his wife visited the University of Warsaw, the country's old city and the former royal palace, respectively.
In a press document released after the Japan-Russia summit, the Japanese government only said, "We welcome the two countries' continued negotiations vigorously under the resolve to accelerate peace treaty talks based on the 1956 Japan-Russia joint declaration."
The smartphone was originally slated to go on sale in late May, but the company stopped short of launching it, saying it could be affected by the U.S. government's sanctions on Huawei.
Users will first use a dedicated smartphone app to take photos of their skin and measure sebum and water levels.
As of the end of fiscal 2018, 376 of the country's 728 fire headquarters had introduced a special version of VoiceTra that can support 15 languages, including English, Chinese and Korean.
Meanwhile, the domestic stock market was slow to recover, while the GPIF logged a deficit of 2,073.2 billion yen in investment in Japanese stocks, the first deficit in three years.
According to the Japanese Foreign Ministry, those who entered Russia from Vladivostok and tried to depart from Moscow to a third country are still facing fines for trying to illegally leave the country.
At Self-Operated GS, employees will be allowed to refuel after checking whether they are ready for customers in their offices.|If the permission is made available from tablet computers, it will allow employees to leave their offices and do other work, the sources said.
The system will be able to respond to changes in the office's location and sales floor plans even after construction, the sources said.
It asked Internet connection operators to voluntarily block connections to pirated sites.
The metropolitan government will take disciplinary action against the officials concerned, as well as consider claiming compensation to the officials.
Tokyo, July 18 (Jiji Press)--Japan's Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry sources said Thursday that the ministry plans to sell Japanese corporate aircraft parts to the company for electric airplanes envisioned by U.S. aircraft giant Boeing.
The statement said, "Our government can discuss with the Japanese side reasonable measures to win the understanding of the people and victims of the two countries, including measures to resolve the issues that have already been presented in a peaceful manner."
The increase in the average salary for the year "seems to reflect a rush to raise salaries and improve treatment" in order to secure personnel, the sources said.
In the written opinion, South Korea insisted that in addition to weapons of mass destruction in a third country, it strictly carries out export control to prevent its use in conventional weapons.
The Japanese Defense Ministry said, "It has not been confirmed that ballistic missiles are coming to our country's territory or exclusive economic zone, or EEZ, and no situation has been confirmed at the moment that would immediately affect our country's security."
At a report meeting after the latest ruling, the plaintiff leader's 20,000-71 criticized the ruling.
Suga said, "It is important for Japan and South Korea to firmly collaborate on issues that should be collaborated with."
Through the business alliance, JTEKT will promote research and development with the aim of creating new areas of business by combining its manufacturing technologies with AI-related deep planning and deep learning technologies by Connectem Design.
Specifically, the proposal is expected to show the Japanese side's claim to the Chinese and South Korean researchers so that the unfounded claim will no longer be made, the sources said.
Production in the manufacturing industry is expected to rise 2.7 pct in July and 0.6 pct in August, the ministry said.
Kuroda said that the central bank in Europe and the United States may take "preventive easing steps" as it is stepping up its easing stance.
The WCPFC is made up of 26 member countries and regions, and the Kita subcommittee consists of 10 of them.
A U.S. Department of State official called for a calm response to both Asian allies, saying, "It calls for consideration so that tensions do not hurt economic and security ties between Japan and South Korea."
North Korea has fired short-range ballistic missiles on July 25 and flying hiss bodies into the Sea of Japan as early as Wednesday and Friday.
The Agency for Cultural Affairs adopted some 78 million yen in subsidies but did not give such subsidies to the international art festival, which includes the special exhibition.
In the reporting month, the ministry returned the method to the full survey for the first time in about 15 and a half years from the latest survey on large companies in Tokyo that were subject to the extract survey.
The Cross "embodies the cruelty of war and the suffering that war poses," the head of the Center for Science and Technology, or MPD, said.
In a different scene of his meeting with Abe, Esper criticized China, which has increased its influence over the Asian region, saying, "It is causing regional instability, and its military and predatory economic actions are threatening international rules."
The investigation report on the falsification issue noted that the Kinki Local Finance Bureau strongly opposed the order for the falsification by the ministry's Science and Finance Bureau.
According to the ministry, at least 20 of the 28 infections surveyed were acquired via wild boars.
Aircraft using Haneda used to fly over Tokyo Bay, but the new route also passes over central Tokyo areas such as Shibuya, Shinjuku and Shinagawa.
The number of bankruptcies rose in nine of the 10 industries surveyed.
The survey, planned for fiscal 2020, will include a wide range of items related to children, including diet, learning proficiency and involvement with local communities, in addition to the child poverty rate, the sources said.
The move came as the ministry aims to create attractive spaces in the city, along with compact urban development, in which houses, commercial facilities and other facilities are collected in central Japan to respond to the country's falling population.
In a letter sent to U.S. President Donald Trump, North Korean Chairman Kim Jong Un offered "a small apology" for the short-range missile launch and indicated his intention to stop the launch after the end of U.S.-South Korean military exercises on Tuesday.
Baba continued, "Opposition parties other than Ishin should respond to discussions at the Constitution Review Board set up to discuss the revised items."
"It is our mission to live in the present age to revise the constitution in line with the times," he said.
This time, a popular "Tapioca milk tea" store from Taiwan opened up in Japan, sparking the popularity, industry sources said.
In recent years, Germany has put emphasis on relations with Japan as a partner that shares values due to the rise of China and the deterioration of its ties with U.S. President Donald Trump.
Tokyo, Aug. 21 (Jiji Press)--Japan's Ministry of Land, Infrastructure, Transport and Tourism said Wednesday that it will allocate 24 of the 50 flights a day equivalent to the increased slots for international flights at Haneda Airport, which will increase from March 2020, to routes between Japan and the United States.
The Aso area, which is popular among South Koreans who enjoy golf, usually increases the number of golf customers in winter.
Specifically, the service will allow elderly people in their rooms to check their actions with their smartphones and improve the efficiency of night safety checks and other checks.
The unofficial site may appear as an ad higher in Internet search results and consumers may misunderstand it as an official site and access it, the center said.
Tokyo, Aug. 28 (Jiji Press)--Japan's Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare said Wednesday that the number of employees with disabled people at 17 of its 44 institutions was below the required level as of June 1 this year.
Sudan, which has been suspended for the African Union, is allowed to attend only related meetings, with 53 African countries participating in the plenary meeting of the international conference.
The proportion of all Recruit HD shares held by business firms other than individual investors and institutional investors will top 30 pct as of the end of June.
The president revealed Japan's plan to more than double the budget for such areas from the current levels in order to strengthen the competitiveness of such areas as materials and parts, for which Japan has strengthened export control.
According to the survey as of June last year, only 116 of the country's 728 fire headquarters have introduced the use of drones, while 72 headquarters have actually used drones.
In order to avoid mistransmission of the data, users will be required not to send e-mails to the court but to upload the data to a dedicated system, according to the sources.
The insurance business law prohibits policymakers from failing to disclose important matters, such as insurance premiums and compensation details, or transferring contracts without disadvantageous facts.
In 2018, Toyota produced some 129,000 units at the plant, accounting for 8.5 pct of all vehicles produced in Britain this year.
"I came to buy a TV that I put in my living room in a rush before the tax hike," the Osaka city office worker, who came with a family member, said.
As for the impact of the latest move to tariffs on the Japanese and global economies, Suga said, "We want to refrain from giving a prejudgment answer."
MaaS Global currently operates services in Finland, Belgium and Britain, aiming to offer such services in Japan.
Five of the seven component indicators improved on the back of solid automobile-related shipments and production.
The agency says, "If you develop diarrhea or other physical conditions after the use of Ketogenne for health food, refrain from using it and seek consultations with the local medical institution."
A proposal to increase out-of-pocket payments by elderly people under the health insurance system to 20 pct from the current 10 pct has emerged, while the government is considering raising out-of-pocket payments by users of nursing care services.
The Pope is opposed to the death penalty system, and his remarks about Japan's death penalty system are attracting attention.
The average price rose 19.5 pct to 64.05 million yen, when the rise was spurred by the launch of relatively expensive condominiums in Tokyo's 23 densely populated Tokyo wards, including those of athletes' village condominiums.
The U.S. administration of U.S. President Donald Trump decided last year to tighten screening of foreign investors due to caution over China, which is rapidly emerging in the IT and other fields.
In August this year, the Japanese government added 20 industries, such as integrated circuits, mobile phones and software, for those industries subject to mandatory prior notification for foreign capital.
20000 said, "Our stores are mainly engaged in consultation operations," expressing negative views on store cuts.
In Chiba Prefecture, a total of six people were in need of hospitalization for three weeks or longer, 201 were in need of short-term hospitalization and 289 were in mild cases.
In the logistics industry, Yamato Holdings has already set up a home delivery box with over 4,000 units and Japan Post Co. with over 300 units.
The bereaved families started on the street and blog signatures calling for the prosecution of 20,000 suspects and strict punishment, saying that severe punishment against perpetrators would lead to the prevention of a recurrence.
The current initial salary is 133,500 yen per month for SDF candidates with term limits and 169,900 yen for general sergeant candidates who are in principle full-time workers, both lower than the 171,200 yen set for police officers employed at central government offices.
Meanwhile, the number of "target-type e-mail attacks" that send virus-tainted e-mails to steal important information such as companies rose 4.2 pct to 2,687 in the first half of this year.
The ministry announces the results of exports and imports in the previous month in a preliminary report in mid-every month and then announces detailed export results by product name and other details in an additional report.
Only 0000 said, "I'm questioning whether many people who shop at major supermarkets every day will go all the way to small and midsize supermarkets."
There were no overcharges for passengers who used commuter passes or paid in cash.
Under the policy, the government will work to strengthen production bases for the target products, support companies promoting overseas expansion and strengthen the competitiveness of domestic industries.
Abe instructed related government officials to make all-out efforts to collect and analyze information about the missile launch, such as providing information to the public quickly and accurately and thorough safety checks on aircraft, ships and other equipment.
The consumer confidence index for September was the biggest drop since February 2016, when the index fell 1.9 pct due to sluggish stock prices.
