The RCEP confirmed its policy to focus on negotiations so that a ministerial meeting will be held in Tokyo on July 1 and a summit meeting in Singapore can be held in late November for its conclusion.
Fukushima, July 29 (Jiji Press)--Some facilities in the National Soccer Center facility "J-Village" in Fukushima Prefecture, northeastern Japan, have resumed normal operations as bases for responding to the March 2011 nuclear crisis for more than seven years.
Evacuation advisories and evacuation orders were issued to the city of Hiroshima and many residents in areas hit by heavy rain since the beginning of this month.
In accordance with the outline, the peace declaration calls for the establishment of security that does not depend on nuclear weapons, among other countries with nuclear weapons, while highlighting the devastation of atomic bombings and the inhumanity of nuclear weapons.
The percentage of men who smoke fell 0.4 pct to 27.8 pct and that of women fell 0.3 pct to 8.7 pct, both of which marked record lows.
The Maritime Self-Defense Force plans to launch another Aegis ship in 2019, with the Haijing Aegis ship poised for eight ships in 21.
Berlin, July 29 (Jiji Press)--The Barna International Ballet Competition, regarded as one of the three major ballet competition in the world, came in second in the men's junior division from Japan.
On the Korean Peninsula situation, the ministers have expressed their "welcome" to the North-South summit in April and the U.S.-North summit in June, calling for continued efforts to realize the denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula.
New job openings by industry--Before seasonal adjustment, construction grew 4.0 pct, medical and welfare increased 3.8 pct and manufacturing, including automakers, grew 3.5 pct.
Meanwhile, information and communications dropped 11.2 pct and accommodation and food service dropped 3.2 pct.
The shipment index dropped 0.2 pct to 101.3, due mainly to a drop in shipments of oil and coal products at oil refineries during routine inspections.
While the BOJ kept its negative interest rate policy of applying minus 0.1 pct to current account deposits held by financial institutions to the BOJ unchanged, the BOJ will reduce the target of negative interest rates to around 5 trillion yen from the current 10 trillion yen.
Tokyo, July 31 (Jiji Press)--Prosecutors have voluntarily heard about some 10 senior ministry officials in a corruption case involving a Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology executive, Jiji Press learned Tuesday.
According to informed sources, the 0000 suspect is also believed to have had several other education ministry executives, including a former Sports Agency executive, get involved with the 0000 suspect.
A proposal has emerged for the use of plutonium owned by TEPCO Holdings, which has been unable to restart its nuclear reactors due to the suspension of operations, at other companies' nuclear power plants.
Of them, 2,059 companies gave responses to domestic investment and 867 companies for overseas investment.
Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga said at a press conference on Wednesday, "The government will accelerate preparations for the ceremony for the succession of the Imperial Throne and make sure that the ceremony is held without a hitch."
The gap between lending and deposit rates in the country shrank at four of the five companies, excluding Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Holdings.
Tokyo, Aug. 2 (Jiji Press)--The amount of damage from special fraud, such as furikome fraud in the country in the first half of this year fell 1,330 million yen from a year before to 17,490 million yen, down for the fourth straight year, the National Police Agency's summary provisional data showed Thursday.
The National Police Agency said that although the overall number has been reduced due to a sharp decrease in refund scams, the number of "I'll" scams has been increasing, indicating that the situation remains extremely serious.
Toshiba said there is no change in its previous forecast as the company has already factored in its earnings projections for the full year to March 2019.
Singapore, Aug. 2 (Jiji Press)--Japanese Foreign Minister Taro Kono and his South Korean counterpart, Kokeiwa, on Thursday confirmed close cooperation between Japan and South Korea as well as three other countries--Japan, the United States and South Korea--for the denuclearization of North Korea.
While Kono also showed concern about the situation in the South China Sea, where China is moving to become a military base, Wang also showed the view that he is headed for a stable direction.
Higashimatsushima, Miyagi, Aug. 2 (Jiji Press)--Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe indicated Thursday his government's plan to complete the move to public housing by fiscal 2020 for people affected by the March 2011 disaster living in temporary housing in the prefectures of Iwate and Miyagi.
In June alone, the country's trade deficit with Japan shrank 3.4 pct from a year before to 5.3 billion dollars, down for the third straight month.
Singapore, Aug. 3 (Jiji Press)--Foreign Minister Taro Kono had a short conversation with North Korean Foreign Minister Lee Yong Ho in Singapore on Friday night.
The judge dismissed the defense-side claim that the third-party DNA type detected in a pressure-sensitive adhesive tape attached to the remains of the girl may have been mixed in with the fingerprint detection work, saying that it was the real culprit.
Of those who did not evacuate, more than 80 pct each said they did not feel the emergency to evacuate or that their homes were all right.
Some members said the JGB market's side effects on liquidity and functions "have come to be seen in various ways" on massive JGB purchases by the BOJ.
After obtaining information on the records, the Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare sent officials to Mongolia in June to confirm that the records existed.
The criminal trial records will be kept by the district public prosecutors in charge of the first trial for up to 100 years. ||but records other than the ruling are often discarded after this storage period.
Rishiri, Hokkaido, Aug. 4 (Jiji Press)--Japan's Emperor Akihito and Empress Michiko during their three-day trip to Hokkaido from Friday were the first to visit Rishiri, the northernmost island in Japan, on Saturday.
Speaking on behalf of the organizers, Hokkaido Governor Harumi Takahashi said, "We will be proud of the diverse values and attractiveness that our predecessors have polished over many years and pass on the irrevocable Furusato, Hokkaido, to generations 50 years ahead and 100 years ahead."
Singapore, Aug. 5 (Jiji Press)--Japanese Foreign Minister Taro Kono and his Singapore counterpart, Vivian Balakrishnan, agreed Sunday to strengthen relations between Japan and the Association of Southeast Asian Nations.
The Hiroshima Prefectural Association of Korean Hibakusha Vice President, 83, pointed to the aging of hibakusha who returned to North Korea after the war.
Of the company's 128 locations nationwide, 123 had been overcharged, according to the ministry.
Some hibakusha said they were able to tell their grandchildren that they had been unable to tell their children.
According to the prefectural disaster response headquarters, some 1.52 million people in Hiroshima were given evacuation advisories, but only about 6,000 actually evacuated.
The surface of the gold coins is adorned with a phoenix symbolizing Emperor Akihito and paulownia and birch representing the Emperor and Empress Michiko, respectively, while the surface of the coins is marked by the design of the horse-drawn carriage used in the 1959 wedding parade of the Emperor and the Empress.
There is a front on the north side of Typhoon No. 13, and the Japan Meteorological Agency called for closely watching heavy rain, stormy winds and high waves in the Kanto-Koshin and Pacific sides of the Tohoku northeastern region from before the typhoon approach.
The Japan Meteorological Agency's 0000 forecasters said they want to ask residents in areas that may be affected to evacuate early in accordance with relevant local government evacuation advisories.
Of the seven indicators that are comparable with the previous month, four deteriorated.
Tokyo, Aug. 7 (Jiji Press)--The Finance Ministry said Tuesday in its quarterly regional economic report that it has revised up its economic assessment for Hokkaido, while the Chugoku region, hit by heavy rain, dropped its decision in July.
Talks on issues related to the deployment, such as environmental conservation and compensation for accidents, had been suspended since the Land Self helicopter crash in Kanzaki, Saga Prefecture, central Japan, in February.
Wind speeds of more than 25 meters are within 70 kilometers from the center of the typhoon, and those within 560 kilometers east of the center and 280 kilometers west of the center are at least 15 meters.
The Japanese insurer will also form a sales tie-up with the Suncorp group, aiming to expand its business in Australia by utilizing the group's sales network.
This is the second time that the Japan Atomic Power Co. has filed for compliance with the new regulatory standards for nuclear power reactors under construction, following its request in December 2014 for the screening of the Oma nuclear power plant in Aomori Prefecture, central Japan.
"As Lawson is nationwide, we hope to contribute to regional economies with financial institutions in each region," he said.
The survey's questions include the number of applicants by gender and age in the past six years and the number of successful applicants.
For this reason, the fish wholesaler cooperates with the transport company to store frozen tuna in trucks equipped with powerful freezers until just before 4:30 a.m., when the sales location opens.
Japan and Russia designated 18 years as the exchange year for Japan and Russia at their summit meeting in 2016.
The revenue from the lottery will be a valuable financial source for local governments, but it has been on the decline, with the revenue falling to 299.6 billion yen in fiscal 2017 from 439.8 billion yen in fiscal 2005.
In fiscal 2016, 60.3 pct of schools were processing their own meals costs and 39.7 pct of schools handled by local governments, according to an education ministry extract survey.
The envisioned LDP special council intends to urge the government to secure the budget for the issue outside the scope of the usual science, technology and university budget.
Two years after JX Holdings and Tonen General Oil integrated their management to create JXTG, Idemitsu and Showa Shell also integrated in April 2019, and the industry is heading toward a three-strong era.
Sao Paulo, Aug. 14 (Jiji Press)--Japanese Foreign Minister Taro Kono and his Peruvian counterpart, Nestor Popolicio, agreed Tuesday to urge Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro's dictatorial regime to democratize.
Under the name of LDP President Shinzo Abe, Masahiko Shibayama, special assistant to the party's president who visited the shrine on behalf of the shrine, paid the tamagushi fee as a proxy.
On May 29, 2015, an explosive eruption took place at Shindake, which forced all residents to evacuate outside the island after the agency raised its volcanic alert level to 5, which requires immediate evacuation.
The agency lowered its volcanic alert level from 5 to 3 in June 2016 and to Level 2 in April this year, because no eruption was last caused after a small one on June 19, 2015.
Meanwhile, the number of visitors to Japan from China rose 12.6 pct to 879,100, followed by Taiwan, up 3.1 pct to 460,500, and the United States, up 13.4 pct to 146,700.
According to the ministry, the prefectural air disaster reduction squadron conveyed the helicopter's flight plan to the ministry at 8:53 a.m., which falls just before Friday's flight.
It was also found that the prefectural air disaster prevention squadron had informed the ministry's Tokyo Airport office of its arrival at around 11:19 a.m. on Friday, although the heli had not arrived at the heliport in Maebashi.
One of the experts reported that the DNA type of the Japanese was five of the 110 remains examined and that of the Filipino was 54.
Tokyo, Aug. 17 (Jiji Press)--Japan's high school students won three gold medals and one silver medal at the 12th International Geology Olympics held in Thailand this month, the Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology said Friday.
The ministry will increase the number of immigration inspectors and immigration security officers to make it stricter for foreigners to understand their working conditions and how to deal with illegal stays in Japan.
The meeting will include the Group of 20 nations and regions to be held in Osaka in June.
The face photo is taken with a camera attached to the unmanned gate and is automatically checked against a passport passport passport with an IC chip to confirm the person's identity.
"We must promote cooperation in order to further increase the number of parties," he said, adding that he intends to step up efforts to increase the number of parties.
Of the 18 areas of RCEP negotiations, 16 countries, including China, have already agreed in four areas, including government procurement and customs procedures and trade facilitation.
The use of nursing care robots, which support the elimination and walking, is expected to substantially reduce the physical burden on nursing care staff and reduce labor shortages in the nursing care industry.
After the same day, Suga cited issues such as promoting the distribution of used handsets and the release of SIM locks that make handsets sold by mobile carriers unusable on lines of other companies.
In 17, the total number of foreign guests in the six northeastern Japan prefectures stood at some 950,000, up about 90 pct from 10 years, but only 1.3 pct of the total number of guests nationwide.
The ministry is considering requesting 5,935.1 billion yen in its budget estimate for fiscal 2019, up 11.8 pct from the previous year's budget.
Japan and the United States are fully in line with their policy of realizing the complete denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula, Abe said.
The South American country drastically eased its regulations in December 2012, although it continued to set restrictions, such as requiring Fukushima products to submit certificates of production origin and certificates of radioactive materials inspection.
The four companies plan to negotiate such issues as construction of domestic nuclear power plants, the joint decommissioning work and the establishment of a new company to conduct maintenance and management of nuclear power plants, the sources said.
The agency issued high-temperature caution information to coastal areas in the Sea of Japan, including the Hokuriku region, to call attention to heatstroke.
Of the five companies, Diamet, which handles auto parts, may have been falsified since around 1977 at the latest. ||The then president had ordered continued shipments of illegal products even after the discovery of the fraud.
While evacuation orders were issued for some areas of Katano, Osaka Prefecture, many municipalities in western Japan, such as Marugame, Kagawa Prefecture, central Japan, have received evacuation orders.
Fukui, Aug. 25 (Jiji Press)--The government on Saturday conducted a comprehensive disaster drill on the assumption that a serious accident occurred at Kansai Electric's Oi and Takahama nuclear plants.
The experiment vehicle is equipped with a ZMP-developed self-driving system in its minivan, which automatically performs steering, accelerator and brake operations.
After the ruling, the victim's daughter, 49, told reporters, "I think the ruling is lighter than the weight of her mother's life. The law does not suit the times."
In 2017, the number of people infected with the newly found AIDS virus dropped 35 to 976 and that of new patients who had already developed AIDS fell 24 to 413.
The fraud was found at 27 of the 33 central government agencies surveyed, accounting for over 80 pct.
Tokyo, Aug. 28 (Jiji Press)--The Fire and Disaster Management Agency of the Ministry of Internal Affairs and Communications plans to strengthen safety measures for disaster prevention helicopters held by local governments in the wake of the recent fatal accident of disaster prevention helicopters, Jiji Press learned Tuesday.
The documents refer to Chinese President Xi Jinping's remark that his country will accelerate the development of intelligence militarization, deterring war and winning war.
Tokyo, Aug. 29 (Jiji Press)--The Cabinet Office plans to extend a system in which companies who donate to municipalities working on regional revitalization receive tax breaks, sources familiar with the Cabinet Office plan told Jiji Press on Wednesday that it is a system to donate to local governments and that the corporate version of "Furusato Nzei", which started in 2016, will extend the current deadline of five years through fiscal 2019.
The ministry will also aim to obtain one jet and one surveying machine in order to strengthen its system for marine surveillance and ocean survey.
Instead of considering the issue as an extension of the previous policy, Japan needs to see its defense capabilities that are truly necessary for the country, he stressed.
At a parliamentary meeting the same day, some companies and organizations that attended the meeting said they want the Japanese government to work closely with U.S. aviation authorities in response to the consideration of drawing up air regulations for flying vehicles in the United States.
"Japan-U.S. relations are stronger than ever," Abe, who has made a strong relationship with Trump one of his sales, also stressed in his local trip to the ruling Liberal Democratic Party leadership race in September.
Of the total, 24.7 billion yen will go to the Group of 20 countries and regions summit in Osaka in June and 1.2 billion yen to the Seventh Tokyo International Conference on African Development in Kanagawa in August.
Partly because private apartment supply fell, rental apartments fell 1.4 pct to 35,847 units, down for the 14th straight month.
Since two years ago, a nonprofit organization comprising some 110 free school operators and related groups in Japan has introduced information on organizations offering shelters and providing free telephone consultations at this time on its Web site.
The fishermen side claims dolphin fishing as Japanese tradition and culture, but the current fishing is not traditional as the ships and fishing gear are incomparably advanced from the past, the organizers claimed.
A bomber capable of carrying the missile was seen last year entering the airspace between the main island of Okinawa and Miyako Island to the coast of the Kii Peninsula or passing through the Tsushima Strait.
The growth in spending by information and communications machinery, including semiconductors, as well as chemical products and machinery makers for transportation was large.
Manufacturers' recurring profits rose 27.5 pct to 10,476.6 billion yen, thanks to growth in information and communications machinery makers and production machinery makers.
All companies surveyed posted combined sales of 344,661.9 billion yen, up 5.1 pct, thanks to increased sales of electronic parts for automobile and industrial machinery and strong automobile exports to Asia.
On the other hand, the end of the rainy season in the Kanto region, including Tokyo, came around June 29, the earliest one since that year was finalized.
At a press conference on Tuesday, Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga also said, "It is important for companies, universities and other parties to discuss the matter while giving due thought to students."
This is "an emergency," Matsui told a press conference. | He said that if the airport's functions decline, it is necessary to complement its entrance functions from abroad.
To gather information, the government set up a government office for measures against the prime minister's residence at the crisis management center of the prime minister's office.
Meanwhile, the total request for the fiscal investment and loan program Zaito fell 12.9 pct from the previous year to 12,597.3 billion yen, the lowest level in the past two decades, as demand for zaito has been on a downtrend following the economic recovery.
Meanwhile, Language One Tokyo Co., the operator of the telephone interpretation business and other operations, has started providing free interpretation services via telephone, which can be used in 12 languages, including English and Korean.
The infectious disease, known as swine fever, occurs in pigs and wild boar.
Eating infected pork meat will not be infectious to people.
Of the three-row production line at the Tatsushi plant, only one row was resumed for making canned beer and other products.
The prime minister also said he plans to raise the consumption tax rate from 8 pct to 10 pct in October next year as planned.
If the latest price hike is passed on to retail prices, the price increase for household thin flour will be around 3.8 yen per kilogram, according to the ministry.
PWJ's 000000, who serves as a handler for another rescue dog, recalls that the sediment had covered the house, making it difficult for the rescue dog to smell humans.
The Finance Ministry said the negative effects of heavy rain in western Japan in July are seen in some parts of the Chugoku and Shikoku regions, but the overall economic impact will be limited. ||The latest survey reflects the overall economic trend in which the economy is recovering moderately, a Finance Ministry official said.
Applicants who were born before April 1, 2002, but are conditional, will be able to choose up to three areas from nine areas--guidance, competition, mobile support, attendants, operational support, healthcare, technology, media and ceremonies.
In the wake of a series of earthquakes in Kumamoto in 2016, the Web site introduced a system that allows municipalities not affected by the disaster to take the place of municipalities affected by the disaster, such as receiving donations and issuing receipts certificates, in order to reduce the burden on municipalities affected by the disaster.
On the other hand, prices of electric and transport equipment dropped 0.4 pct, respectively.
In about 60 pct of the 414 cases, a violation of the law, such as not crossing a crosswalk while staying near a pedestrian crossing, was an accident.
The Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry aims to lower the purchase price of 18 yen per kilowatt-hour from companies to 8.5 yen in fiscal 22 and fiscal 24 and that of households to 11 yen in fiscal 25 and fiscal 27, respectively, from 26 yen.
Abe refutes that his policy is not a confrontational structure of the economy between the countryside and Tokyo. | Abe said, "If the economy in Tokyo improves, the prices of farm products made in the countryside will also go up."
The research that won the award itself did not bear fruit, but 0000 told Jiji Press before the award ceremony, "This study became the starting point of my research aimed at achieving zero deaths from colorectal cancer."
The U.S. special representative vowed the same day later in his meeting with the secretariat of the Families of Abductees' Association of 00000 chiefs and others to give all the power the Japanese victims have to return home.
Tokyo, Sept. 14 (Jiji Press)--The support rate for the cabinet of Prime Minister Shinzo Abe rose 3.2 pct from the previous month to 41.7 pct, topping disapproval for the first time in seven months, the Jiji Press poll showed Friday.
Mitsubishi Heavy plans to use part of some 120 billion yen to eliminate its debt-ridden debts in fiscal 2018, particularly through such methods as debt stock acquisition, the sources said.
The ministry also said that the population of people aged 70 or older came to 26.18 million, accounting for 20.7 pct of the total population.
The rating also follows the ministry's decision by the U.S. government to acquire one aircraft, 27 billion yen, for the U.S. government's Chargeable Military Aid, or FMS, for the E2D early warning aircraft with increased search capabilities in order to strengthen the Air Self's surveillance capabilities for the southwestern islands.
Before the disaster of Typhoon No. 21, Kansai Airways had some 170 round-trip flights a day. ||Currently, the number of flights has dropped to around 70.
Exports grew 5.3 pct to 1,245.9 billion yen, thanks to growth in pharmaceuticals, construction and mining machinery, while imports grew 21.5 pct to 790.1 billion yen, the highest figure for August.
The Fico group will also consider acquiring a majority stake in Tech Bureau and sending a majority of board members.
Hayabusa-2 dropped the Minerva-2-1 exploration robot toward the northern side of the equator on the asteroid at 1:06 p.m., when it reached some 55 meters above Ryugu.
Halifax, Canada, Sept. 20 (Jiji Press)--Environment, Ocean and Energy Ministers of the Group of Seven advanced countries agreed Thursday to promote plastic waste recycling and develop disposal technologies as part of efforts to reduce emissions of marine plastic waste.
Turning furnace steel made mainly from iron ore rose 0.5 pct to 6,813,000 tons, while electric furnace steel using iron scrap rose 2.2 pct to 1,992,000 tons.
By type, H-shaped steel used for large buildings rose 1.3 pct and small steel bars for residential use grew 1.2 pct.
While Trump has flashed additional tariffs on imported vehicles and parts, Abe stresses the importance of international rule-based free trade and hopes to avoid the U.S. president's enactment of additional tariffs, according to the sources.
The DI is calculated by deducting the proportion of companies that see business conditions as good from the proportion of companies that see them as bad.
Japan's Defense Ministry Has Budgeted Research and Development for Glider Bullets from Fiscal 2018. | | The ministry has requested a budget of 13.8 billion yen in related spending for the following year from April.
Newspaper and magazine ads also grew 9.7 pct and 4.3 pct, respectively.
The average premium rate also grew to a record high of 9.167 pct as 204 cooperatives increased their premium rates.
In recent years, transport demand for auto parts, electronic components and other products has increased sharply between the two regions, the sources said.
Tokai No. 2 will have a 40-year operating deadline on Nov. 27. ||An extension of the operating period requires a separate set of approvals by the Nuclear Regulation Authority, including a construction plan that states detailed designs of equipment and facilities.
In the statement, the minister said that individual management decisions are made at the responsibility of TEPCO management and that supporting TEPCO will not cause major trouble to residents and companies affected by the nuclear accident in compensation and decommissioning work, according to TEPCO.
Nissan said its mainstay Oppama plant in Yokosuka, Kanagawa Prefecture, and four other plants in Japan had rewritten exhaust gas data or treated invalid data as valid data.
The agency advises people who have never been infected with rubella and those who have not received vaccinations.
In response to Rouhani's call for cooperation in continuing the nuclear deal, Abe stressed that it is important to continue implementing it.
International freight dropped 10 pct to 168,510 tons. ||Jet fuel refueling fell 2 pct to 373,805 kiloliters.
Instead of sparing auto tariffs, the EU has agreed to start talks on reducing tariffs on industrial products, excluding automobiles.
0000, referring to a recent Kenhoren survey, showed that some elderly people have also been asked to raise the proportion of elderly people's out-of-pocket payments.
On his relationship with the General Association of Korean Residents in Japan, or Chongryon, the presiding judge said that there is a reasonable suspicion that the Korean school has been intervened beyond limits by the Chongryon and has been ruled to distort its education autonomy.
"It is important for Japan to continue to introduce high-performance equipment, including U.S. equipment, to respond to the tough security environment," Abe told Trump at the meeting, according to Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga told a press conference.
The increase apparently reflects an increase in the number of foreigners staying in Japan, such as those studying or finding jobs in the country.
The maximum instantaneous wind speed of 56.2 meters, the strongest ever, was observed at 10 a.m. in Nanjo, Okinawa Prefecture, eastern Japan, before 1 p.m. in Greenwich Standard Time.
The company, now in business reconstruction, plans to adopt 1,500 people in April 2019, the same level as the company's recruitment in April 2015 before its accounting fraud was discovered.
The government has adjusted the direction of compiling a supplementary budget in two stages. ||The first supplementary measure will focus on restoration from recent natural disasters, such as a powerful earthquake in Hokkaido last month, while the second supplementary measure will focus on disaster prevention-related projects.
In August, the Japanese automaker had canceled its capital alliance with Toyota to seek a new partner.
The proposed lump-sum payments will also be paid to those who have agreed to fertility procedures and those who have had other types of surgeries, such as hysterectomies.
Nemuro, Hokkaido, Oct. 5 (Jiji Press)--A public-private joint investigation team on Japan-Russia joint economic activities on the disputed four Northern Japan islands returned to port in Nemuro, Hokkaido, southwestern Japan, on Friday after local activities.
Toshiyuki Matsumori, head of the Japan Meteorological Agency's Earthquake and Tsunami Surveillance Division, said that earthquake activities in the area will continue for the time being.
00000, who runs agriculture in the Tomizato district in the town of Atsuma, where four people died due to a landslide, and 50, the friends who died in the disaster, then 00000.
The IOC said it has asked the Tokyo Organizing Committee to move forward the start time for the sport last month, adding that the Boat Federation intends to finish the sport in the morning in order to protect its athletes from the heat of midsummer.
"The world is moving to reduce the slaughter punishment," he said. ||The municipal government's plan is the idea that the slaughter punishment is inevitable.
The company posted only small operating revenue growth thanks to the closure of unprofitable stores. ||But its net profit grew sharply to 30.3 billion yen, up 35.8 pct, thanks to profit from sales of its supermarket subsidiaries in Hong Kong.
In the February survey, Thailand ranked top, along with Singapore, but Japan rose to the top single spot in the latest rankings after Myanmar waived visas for Japanese tourists this month.
Uny Famima aims to focus its management resources on its core convenience store business by separating its slumping supermarket operations.
Tokyo, Oct. 11 (Jiji Press)--About 90 pct of the 380 municipalities asked by the Internal Affairs and Communications Ministry to review their "furusato nozei" return gifts, a system to donate to local governments, plan to review them on request, a Jiji Press survey showed Thursday.
According to a business plan submitted by the metropolitan government to the Ministry of Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries in August, the amount of seafood handled in the Toyosu market in fiscal 2023 is estimated at 616,400 tons, up 60 pct from the amount handled in the Tsukiji market in fiscal 2017.
The survey also showed that 56.8 pct of people who keep their pet said they will certainly go to evacuation centers together, while 10 pct said they will not go to evacuation centers to stay with their pet.
The G-20 is facing trade friction between its members, but disagreements should be resolved directly by members related to friction, he said.
In order to prevent excessive return gifts, the Ministry of Internal Affairs and Communications issued a notice to each municipality that calls for limiting the procurement price of return gifts to 30 pct or less of the amount of donations.
In addition to working to jointly procure products, Aeon and Fuji will jointly develop private brand products to be sold in the Shikoku and Chugoku regions, where Fuji is based.
Besides Ehime, Fuji operates a total of more than 90 supermarkets and food supermarkets in the three Shikoku prefectures of Kagawa, Kochi and Tokushima, as well as in the Chugoku region of Hiroshima and Yamaguchi.
The final ruling found Kumamoto District Court and Fukuoka High Court guilty only on the basis of their confessions in the investigation stage of 0000.
At Taki Chemical, a researcher who had studied mushrooms at the university had started research on fully artificial cultivation of Japanese matsutake mushroom about six years ago.
On the reason for the introduction decision, the ministry explained that it is necessary to introduce a missile that allows SDF personnel to cope safely from outside the threat zone of the other party.
The Japanese crested ibis project started in 2008, with a total of 308 birds released so far in Japan.
Three types of trading methods will be studied empirically, including the auction method, which is established when the prices of buy orders and sell orders match.
In fiscal 2016 and fiscal 2017, the Board of Inspectors examined a total of 110 tunnels being inspected by the three companies, all of which had not been inspected by fiberscope.
The 727.5-billion-yen costs include disposal of disaster waste and financial assistance for small and midsize companies affected by the disaster, as well as restoration support for the Kansai International Airport liaison bridge damaged by a tanker swept away during the passage of a large typhoon.
Of them, 21 groups have confirmed damage, 11 have found it difficult to investigate, and 14 are under investigation.
It is expected to present a specific purpose for the negotiations with Japan 30 days before the start of the negotiations.
The system glitch occurred on Oct. 9 on one of four lines connecting the TSE's trading system with brokerage houses.
For this reason, the government will ask cardholders and payment service companies to cut their fees during the period.
He competed in the Olympics for the fourth consecutive time since the 2004 Olympics in Athens.
The government hopes to finish its review of the subcommittee on the draft amendment by the end of this week. ||The LDP and its coalition partner, New Komeito, are aiming to submit the bill to the Diet by completing their legislation procedures within next week.
The total number of visitors to stores fell 2.6 pct to 1,343.28 million, down for the first time in two months, but the purchase amount per customer rose 6.3 pct to 623 yen, reflecting the demand.
In the report, large-scale monetary easing has loosened financial institutions' lending attitudes, with lending increasing mainly at companies with relatively low creditworthiness.
In September 2012, the law was enacted to realize the initiative. ||But the TOCOM and the ministries of economic industry and agriculture, forestry and fisheries at the ministries and agencies with jurisdiction are reluctant, and the plan has not been realized.
The blackout in Hokkaido was mainly caused by the suspension of all three Hokkaido Electric Power Co.'s Tomato Atsuma thermal power plant, which covered about half of its electricity consumption in Hokkaido until the Sept. 6 earthquake, after the disaster, as well as the suspension of its hydropower plant due to power transmission line damage.
Meanwhile, prices continued to rise in civil engineering, construction services and employment placement services on the back of labor shortages.
Of the 538 companies in Japan that conducted the survey, a total of eight were found to have developed the cancer at six of their manufacturers.
The test delivery will take place about 9 kilometers between the post office in the city of Minamisoma and the post office in the town of Namie.
Ayako worshiped the spirits of the past Emperor and the Imperial family in the Imperial Palace, and the Shinto shrine, which enshrines the spirits of the Emperor and the Imperial family, in the same way.
The Japanese side will continue to press China to ease the embargo, aiming to realize easing by Chinese President Xi Jinping's visit to Japan, which is expected to come next year.
The Japanese Emperor and Empress attended the Games almost every time since the first Games in Oita Prefecture, central Japan, in 1981.
The Trump administration has complained that Japan has tariff and nontariff barriers in the areas of automobiles, agriculture and services, and fierce debate is expected on both sides over these areas, observers said.
Hitachi and SBI plan to use massive settlement data to provide management advice to customers and various new services such as preventing fraudulent settlements, the sources said.
Some 47,000 troops from the Self-Defense Forces and 9,500 from the U.S. military will take part in such drills as ballistic missile defense and remote island defense.
Under the current international taxation rule, the government cannot in principle tax foreign companies that do not have such main bases as factories and branches in its jurisdiction.
The interim report on digital taxation compiled by the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development in March calls for reviewing the tax principle.
After Abe offered his congratulatory speech, Crown Prince Naruhito stood on the greetings and said, "Please help each other and build a bright family with unending smiles."
Of the four items that make up the index, those for living deteriorated for the second straight month, while those for income growth and the employment environment deteriorated, respectively.
Meanwhile, KDDI, which is strengthening its settlement services and noncore fields such as Internet mail-order sales, will use Rakuten's logistics infrastructure to streamline its logistics and delivery operations.
In some cases of contact accidents involving similar air self-defense planes, two F-15 fighters affiliated with the Chitose base in Hokkaido came into contact during combat training in 2005.
Aiming to strengthen cooperation with related organizations, a total of 142 municipalities took part, surpassing the previous 59.
This is the first time for Japan to recall goods from the ISS. ||So far, only the United States and Russia have collected goods.
The government plans to take measures to ensure that the three major mobile phone carriers and mobile phone distributors properly display their ads.
In a joint press statement after the meeting, Abe explained that the two sides agreed on the view that full implementation of U.N. Security Council resolutions against North Korea is needed for the complete denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula.
The government officials say that the major holidays are designed to boost the public's sentiment of celebrations toward the Crown Prince's accession to the throne and reduce the impact on people's lives from the current Heisei era, which will also take place on May 1.
At the meeting, Abe and Pence agreed that full implementation of U.N. Security Council resolutions against North Korea is needed for the complete denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula.
The RCEP will create an economic zone that will account for half of the world's population and 30 pct of the world's total trade and gross domestic product if the conclusion is realized.
He asked the country, which maintains import restrictions on Japanese food, to remove and ease the restrictions as soon as possible.
There are eight livestock-raising facilities in the area, with a total of some 8,500 pigs and wild boar kept, according to the sources.
In particular, the Chugoku-Shikoku data rose 5.9 pct to 64.7 pct and the Chubu data rose 4.0 pct to 76.0 pct.
The company's president and captain are suspected of failing to check the total aircraft weight before takeoff in violation of rules set by the Civil Aviation Act and flying the aircraft without exceeding the weight, according to the officials.
Regarding the law on promoting women's participation in the workforce, the ministry aims to expand the scope of its action plan, now mandatory for companies with 301 or more employees, to include companies with 101 or more employees.
In October, Japan's trade balance with China rose 52.1 pct to a deficit of 406.2 billion yen, the seventh straight month of deficit, reflecting growth in imports of clothing and mobile phones.
In its proposal in May, the LDP had called on the government to consider including in its guidelines the acquisition of capabilities to attack enemy bases that are needed to attack bases for weapons such as ballistic missiles targeting Japan.
At its board meeting on Thursday, Nissan will submit a proposal to lift the post of chairman and representative director of the suspects.
Noting that the Russian economy and industry's digitalization are new priority issues for the future, he expressed his expectations for Japan's high-tech industry to expand investment and promote technical cooperation with Russia.
The proposals also asked the government to target planned premium-bearing gift vouchers to low-income households and child-rearing households and others.
The Japanese side proposed leaving Rengo's future to private-sector companies because it is a story among private-sector companies, while the French side also made no objection, according to the sources.
The team, led by Prof. 000 and Prof. 000, injects some two million nerve progenitor cells, which have been changed from iPS cells, into the damaged site of four patients only two or four weeks after spinal cord injury.
Abe welcomed the country's recent lifting of its import suspension measures for rice produced in Niigata Prefecture, which had been implemented by the Chinese government shortly after the severe accident at TEPCO's Fukushima No. 1 nuclear power plant in northeastern Japan following the tsunami in March 2011. | Japan Prime Minister Shinzo Abe asked the Chinese side to lift its import restrictions also for other Japanese food products.
Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga told a press conference, "We hope that the construction will proceed after ensuring safety sufficiently and giving maximum consideration to the natural and living environment."
For 16 years, Nakatani was chosen as a dish using pork breast, and for 17 years, chicken breast meat was chosen.
In goods trade, the country posted a trade deficit of 321.7 billion yen, the first deficit in two months, with growth in imports outpacing growth in exports.
In July-December, a Chinese court sentenced a man in Aichi Prefecture to 12 years in prison, a man in Kanagawa Prefecture, west of Tokyo, to five years in prison, and a woman in Tokyo, to six years in prison.
In October, orders from manufacturers grew 12.3 pct, marked by strong demand from oil and coal product makers and automakers.
The number of children evacuated from school yards totaled 693 in the past year, according to the elementary school. ||They had to evacuate five times during a physical education class.
The company also expressed its intention to integrate the division, which manufactures the Mitsubishi Regional Jet, the first domestically produced small jet, and the division, which manufactures the main wing for Boeing aircraft, by 0000 president.
Of the total, 60 F35As are designed for the Air Self-Defense Force, with the remaining F35B for the Marine Corps.
The number of club activities advisers will rise by 4,500 to 9,000, and that of support staff to help teachers prepare for classes will rise by 600 to 3,600.
Asked about the content of the support in multiple responses, a majority cited "welfare and nursing care," followed by "culture, art and sports promotion" and "child and youth development and child-rearing support."
In February 2017, the company announced the start of clinical research for PGS and plans to continue its clinical research.
Meanwhile, Finance Minister Aso and Health, Labor and Welfare Minister Takumi Nemoto agreed that the central government will pay the full amount in the first half of the year and the central and local governments in principle one-half of the total for the fiscal 2019 tax relief program starting in October.
For construction costs for the Shinkansen bullet train, the central government will first use the loans paid by each JR company for facility use, with the remaining two-thirds paid by the central government and the rest by the local government.
Tamaki told reporters, "Municipalities have a responsibility to carry out prefectural citizen voting." | "Opportunities for voting should not be lost."
At the Japan-U.S. summit meeting, Reagan expressed his intention to partially lift trade sanctions on Japan. ||It was implemented eight days later.
There are also concerns about the impact of the Japanese government's decision to effectively remove China communications equipment products from contracts, market sources said. | Softbank uses China's Huawei Technology Huawei products.
The Japanese economy, buoyed by the expansion of overseas economies and strong exports stemming from the yen's weakening, brought about stock price rises and job growth.
The company will develop online Japanese-language materials worth 100 million yen for foreigners living on remote islands and other places where it is difficult to use face-to-face Japanese classes.
In the lawsuit, Bombardier claims that a subsidiary of Mitsubishi Heavy adopted the former employee of the company and misused confidential information related to passenger aircraft certification for the development of the small jet, the Mitsubishi Regional Jet. | Bombardier has sought damages and an injunction against the use of information.
Following the Oct. 30 ruling, South Korea's Supreme Court has made a series of rulings ordering Japanese companies to pay compensation for their wartime labor.
In response, the ministry urged medical institutions to use telephone interpreters and asked them to deploy specialized medical interpreters at core facilities.
Japan Makers Have Kept Their Technological Edge in Battery Business for Electric Vehicles and Other Industries. ||But competition from South Korean and Chinese makers has intensified in recent years.
Human Holdings operates more than 1,300 classrooms in Japan, making it one of the largest robot classes in Japan to teach more than 22,000 children.
The supervising group is obliged, in principle, to have trainees take Japanese and daily-life courses for two months. ||But the cooperative had put the trainees to work at the company despite the training period.
After the acquisition, NEC intends to combine its biometrics and artificial intelligence, or AI, with KMD's administrative AI services.
Meanwhile, a total of 90 pct said the Japan-U.S. security treaty was "extremely important" or "to some extent important" for U.S. security, up 3 pct.
The survey was conducted by a U.S. research firm over the phone in March this year.
According to the defense, the defendant said, "I want to speak in court if there is such a place."
Meanwhile, major tobacco companies have been focusing on sales of heated tobacco products in recent years.
The prefectural government has set up a statue of Luffy within the prefectural government premises, with some 1,500 fans visiting the unveiling ceremony in November 2018.
Kazuo Shii, chairman of the Japanese Communist Party, expressed his determination to end the move to constitutional amendments, saying, "Abe, who has been ignoring the constitution, is not qualified to change the constitution."
"In order to firmly deepen our talks with South Korea, it is possible to exchange confidential records with each other depending on the course of the talks," Iwaya told a press conference.
Abe's visit to the Netherlands has been since March 2014 and to Britain since April 2017.
The U.S. Coast Guard and the U.S. Navy are also investigating the accident.
The Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry plans to lower the purchase price to around 8.50 yen in fiscal 2022 in order to curb an increase in purchase costs due to increased use of renewable energy.
Noting that six Japanese start-ups sponsored by the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry are participating in the CES, Seko said, "We hope to increase the number of such Japanese companies by continuing to support them."
Even in industrial activities, which are believed to have little impact from disasters, shipments of lithium-ion batteries to the United States and production and shipments of machinery for production fell.
The number of bankruptcies fell in seven of the 10 industries.
The Infiniti Q50 2.2 d was sold in South Korea in 2014, followed by the Qashqai in 15 and 16.
But medical schools were scrapped one after another in the middle of the Meiji era due to financial difficulties. | 0000 said the samples may have been donated to schools in the area.
In December, oil and coal product prices rose 4.7 pct, a smaller rise than the previous month's 14.2 pct.
The current law stipulates flight-prohibited airspace for drones and flight regulations, but there is no rule that requires the operator to make a report if an accident occurs, separately from police investigations.
For drones, the government's panel of experts is discussing new rules for strengthening safety measures, such as making it mandatory to inspect them before flights and prohibiting flights when they are drunk.
On the other hand, those who said they want to work even after 66 cited 28.9 pct of respondents who "want to lead a comfortable life economically" and 24.9 pct who "think living expenses will be short unless they continue to work," with more than half of them having economic reasons.
By gender, the job offer rate rose 2.3 pct to 87.5 pct for male students and 1.5 pct to 88.5 pct for female students.
The job offer rate rose 2.0 pct to 87.7 pct for students majoring in liberal arts and rose 1.8 pct to 89.0 pct for students in science.
At their meeting in Argentina in December, the two leaders agreed to start negotiations under a new framework in which their foreign ministers, Taro Kono and Sergei Lavrov, are in charge of negotiations.
At their previous meeting, Abe and Putin told officials to make full-fledged progress in their joint work to launch joint economic activities on the four northern islands.
A meeting of the two leaders was also held between a small-group meeting and a working dinner, with only interpreters.
"We will respond powerfully in line with the rules of response action" if Japan makes repeated similar flights, the operations chief said.
Of them, 368 cases were caused by product glitches, of which 209 were products subject to recall.
0000, the president said, "It is the biggest responsibility to strengthen compliance with laws and regulations," when it comes to his responsibility.
On the other hand, 0000 did not clarify whether to comply with the 2.5 pct ceiling although it said it will "set a ceiling" for fiscal 2020 and later.
Data distribution is allowed freely in principle in the United States. | Data transfer of personal information in Japan requires consent from the person himself in principle.
Those eligible for relocation support have lived in the Tokyo metropolitan area, including the three neighboring prefectures of Saitama, Chiba and Kanagawa, for more than five years, and commuted to work in the densely populated Tokyo 23 wards, who will move outside the metropolitan area.
Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga told a press conference the same day that Chief Cabinet Secretary Sadatsuka was present at the hearing in question and that he plans not to allow ministry officials to attend the upcoming hearing.
White goods purchased using the country's home electronics eco-point system, which was implemented in 0911, will soon have a replacement period.
The maximum catch limits for each of the 47 prefectures are set based on the past catch results and other factors.
Japan's Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga said at a press conference that South Korea's action is "extremely problematic." | Japan has "implemented all the measures promised" in the Japan-South Korea agreement, saying, "We will continue to urge the South Korean side to steadily implement them."
In the revised measures, the ministry focused on providing information and reinforcing measures to guide foreign visitors, including visitors to Japan, to evacuate smoothly in the event of an earthquake during the 20 Tokyo Olympics and Paralympics.
The ministry estimates that a strong tremor of lower 6 to 7 on the Japanese seismic intensity scale will occur in a wide range of areas from the Kanto eastern region to the Kyushu southwestern region.
Karatsu, Saga Pref., Feb. 2 (Jiji Press)--Nuclear disaster drills were held near the Genkai nuclear power plant in Saga Prefecture on Saturday, the first time such drills have been conducted since the No. 3 and No. 4 reactors were restarted last year.
The Emperor and the new Emperor will not be involved in the process of selecting the new gengo.
To attract families, the exhibition hall will focus on exhibitions and events for children.
0000 was detained by armed groups in Afghanistan for about five months in 2010. | Kurdish Authority authorities also held him in Iraq in 16.
"If the system leads to a reduction in work and an improvement in labor shortages," said 0000 from the Center for Aquaculture Research and Seedling of Japan's Okinawa Prefecture, central Japan, which aims to automate the selection work itself in the future at the university, according to 0000.
Under the local tax law revision, local governments will have to limit their return gifts to "local products whose procurement amount is 30 pct or less of the amount of donations."
Prices rose 409 of the 744 items surveyed and fell 266.
In clinical research and clinical trials using iPS cells, a team led by the government-affiliated body, Riken, carried out the world's first transplant for patients with intractable diseases in the eyes in 2014.
The automobile industry around the world is speeding up production of electric vehicles thanks to tighter environmental regulations.
The next model of the vehicle model currently produced in Britain will be produced mainly in North America.
In Iwate, he said that support staff for civil engineering and other professionals will continue to be necessary, but it is becoming difficult to secure such staff from other local governments amid large-scale disasters across the country.
Tokyo, Feb. 21 (Jiji Press)--The total amount of damage from special fraud, such as furikome fraud, fell 9.6 pct from a year before to 35.68 billion yen in 2018, down for the fourth straight year, the National Police Agency said Thursday.
The sample part replacement method tends to have higher wages than the total replacement method.
Those who pass the test will be allowed to visit ministries and agencies, except on July 17, when the final interview test will be conducted.
The ministries and agencies will evaluate examinees they have visited by the time they announce their final pass and issue job offers from Aug. 21, the day after the announcement of their final pass.
Still, Tamaki will notify the prime minister and the U.S. president of the poll results under the prefectural people's vote ordinance.
Road freight transportation fees rose 3.1 pct and worker dispatch service fees rose 2.9 pct, reflecting labor shortages.
As an exception, there is already a mechanism by which banks can conditionally own 5 pct of shares in companies in financial difficulties due to corporate management reconstruction.
However, there is concern that the sanitary environment will not be secured and that the environment will deteriorate due to waste fluid from the cleaning process.
As of the end of March last year, there were 723 such train crossings and 2,726 such ones nationwide.
The industry machinery shipment index also fell 4.0 pct to 99.2, due chiefly to a drop in shipments of transport and production machinery, the ministry said.
According to the data, the charges were marked by violations of the antiprostitution law and the law against child prostitution and pornography.
"We will strengthen cooperation with Japan for peace on the Korean Peninsula," Moon said in an English speech. ||The past cannot change, but the future can change.
The endowment course will be joined by University of Tokyo Prof. Hirokazu Tsujimoto, who studies extremely accurate "optical grid clocks," and others. ||He will also work on research to exceed the communication capacity limit of optical fiber networks.
0000 defendants are also indicted for violating the financial instruments and exchange law, which is believed to have underestimated compensation, as well as for violating the company law, which is believed to have caused damage to Nissan.
At the plant, Nissan is considering reducing production lines for its sport-utility Qashqai and electric vehicle Leaf to a two-shift system from a three-shift system, according to Sky News.
Last month, the company retracted part of its production plan at the plant in order to transfer production to Japan.
In its structural reforms announced in November 2017, Mizuho FG said it intends to reduce its workforce by 19,000 by fiscal 2026 and reduce some 500 business bases in the group to some 400 by fiscal 24.
The company is also considering halting three other domestic and overseas plants for several weeks or so.
According to the company's 0000 president, Suntory may change the advisability and size of price hikes depending on the region.
The number of bankruptcies fell six of all 10 industries surveyed, including retailers and manufacturers.
Nissan started a full-fledged internal investigation in June in response to a whistle on the alleged fraud of the defendant and also provided information to prosecutors, officials said.
"I know it well" and "I know it to some extent" together about the recognition of cyberinsurance, a little over 25 pct.
In a survey conducted by the Fire and Disaster Management Agency of the Internal Affairs and Communications Ministry last year, some 30 pct of the country's 332 fire headquarters that have set their response policies for when they are asked to stop the reanimation said they will stop it under certain conditions.
At a meeting of the House of Representatives Finance and Finance Committee on Tuesday, Finance Minister Taro Aso cited retaliatory measures such as the addition of tariffs, remittance suspension and visa visas.
Orders from manufacturers fell 1.9 pct, down for the third straight month, reflecting sluggish demand from electronics and information and communications machinery makers.
"Criminal responsibility is heavy," the Kobe Steel judge concluded, noting that he was a "habitual crime" because he was exposed to the corporate culture of putting priority on delivery and the management's lack of awareness of quality compliance.
Subaru will withdraw from its film business and focus on road repairs and cleaning operations.
Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga said at a press conference that he intends to make efforts to promote the use of My Number cards. ||If the cards are not used by the public, the opportunity to improve convenience and improve economic productivity will be disrupted.
The Egyptian military is continuing its minesweeping operations while cooperating with the Israeli military.
The ministry also asked local governments to cooperate in the investigation as it plans to start the first nationwide survey on foreign children's attendance at school from around April.
Japan's Emperor Akihito will deliver his final words after Abe delivers his "National Representative Speech."
"I'm determined to firmly condemn this despicable terror attack, and to firmly work with New Zealand, Australia and the international community to fight terrorism," Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga said.
The company decided to turn two of the remaining four outlets into pepper lunch restaurants.
The author is believed to be a scholar of Japanese literature, Chinese literature, Japanese history and Oriental history.
The government is considering a plan to drive some 77,000 piles into the soft ground, but the government estimates that it will take three years and eight months to work to improve the ground.
The survey, which covered all 8,417 hospitals across the country, was conducted by the Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare, with 47.3 pct of the 3,980 hospitals responding.
The proposals will be reflected in an integrated innovation strategy to be compiled around June and an AI strategy to be compiled by summer.
The proceeds will mainly be used to procure materials for U.S. Apple Inc.'s "iPhone" iPhone iPhone, a major Japan Display customer, for production of the latest model, and for fund-raising.
The DI is the proportion of companies that said their business conditions are "good" minus the proportion that said they are "bad."
On March 14 this year, the government asked a scholar specializing in Japanese literature, Chinese literature, Japanese history and Oriental history to come up with the idea of the new gengo.
The operator of the Yodobashi camera store plans to buy all outstanding shares in the target company, including shares held by Advantage Partners, an investment fund that currently owns ICI Ishii Sports.
Of the seven indicators that are currently available from the previous month, three improved, including "shipments of durable consumer goods."
Abe said, "We will confirm close cooperation for the success of the G-20 Osaka summit and strengthen cooperation with other countries."
According to the team, an image of a black hole in a ring of brightly glowing gas was obtained in the center of the M87 after some two years of work to analyze data obtained with technology enough to identify golf balls placed on the moon from Earth.
The company bought cruisers to be used by the family of the suspect's 0000-kilogram suspect. ||In questioning, the company apparently asked for explanations about the flow of funds and how the cruisers were purchased, according to the sources.
The leasing company, Orix, said last week that it has launched a new business to support business succession.
The track-and-field pictogram has a prosthetic leg of a player at the start, and even the pictogram for competitive swimming was designed to show a player with a disability in one arm swimming.
"The package, such as an LED light bulb, shows which type of lighting equipment is available for mounting," an official of the agency said. ||Even if it is already installed, I hope it will be checked by the dealer and others if they are worried about whether it is the right combination.
Sharp expects demand from corporate clients, such as design offices, for the release of the three big pad models, as it can clearly display fine characters and design drawings, among other items.
The monthly amount of 7,000 yen in the trial decision per plaintiff was reduced to 4,500 yen per month.
The company also said it will provide an app this summer that will allow general users to read posted works, adding that the app will also allow users to read works by famous artists, such as 0000.
In a supplementary resolution under the Emperor Akihito's one-time special law for the Emperor's resignation, the government stipulates that "after the enactment of this law on April 30 this year, when Emperor Akihito will step down, the government will promptly examine the matter and report the results to the Diet."
In December last year, the central government agency has agreed not to procure equipment with built-in fraudulent functions, apparently bearing in mind China's Huawei Technology Huawei and Zhong Heung Tongzhu ZTE equipment.
"Japan and the United States will strengthen their bilateral cooperation, including new areas, and strengthen their alliance further," Kono said.
"Demand in the manufacturing and construction industries was solid, but we were unable to meet such demand," Tetsuran said.
For many years, the Japanese company has adopted planned new university graduates as candidates for future executive management and unified its recruitment schedule in a way led by the Japan Business Federation, or Keidanren.
The network holds an international conference once a year to train women and strengthen ties between politicians.
Suga said, "We have seen various obstacles to further expand our exports." ||We want to remove obstacles."
According to JAXA, the crater is estimated to be 10 meters in diameter and it is the first time in the world that it has succeeded in generating artificial craters on asteroids.
The first of the three ceremonies was the Ceremony of Emperor Akihito's abdication ceremony, known as "Taii Reishoden no Gi," the first such ceremony in the history of constitutional politics.
The Emperor's status, which is defined in the constitution as "a symbol of Japan and a symbol of the unity of the Japanese people," will be taken over by Crown Prince Naruhito, 59, on Wednesday.
"If Nippon Steel's assets become unfairly sold, it would be totally unacceptable, and the Japanese government is taking this situation even more seriously," he said.
Companies with many female executives tend to be more profitable than those without them.
Among the 12 cities, the organizing committee has already held briefings in the cities of Sapporo and Oita, where many foreigners are expected to visit.
"It is important to resolve problems through U.S.-North Korea dialogue and other political dialogue," Wang said, without referring to the intended launch and other issues.
About 62.5 pct of respondents said they will "actively work" on measures to improve the retention rate of midsize employees, while 20.4 pct said they will "work with some human resources."
Moss Food Expects Net Profit to Recover to 1 B. Yen in the Year from This Year to March 2020. | Moss Food Co. plans to accelerate its store expansion in Asia while reducing its domestic outlets.
The surface of the gold coins was adorned with "ho" (phoenix) and "zuiun," which symbolize Emperor Akihito, and the surface of the copper coins was "Takamikura," which is used in October for the Emperor Tokunin's accession to the throne.
At the outset of the meeting, Upper House President Valentina Matubienko of the Russian Federation Council read on behalf of President Vladimir Putin, who stresses, "Relations between regions are very important in relations between the two countries."
Tokyo, May 14 (Jiji Press)--Foreign Minister Taro Kono told a press conference Tuesday that he will consider countermeasures for Iran, which is at odds with the United States, which is flickering the Strait of Hormuz in the Persian Gulf.
Watami plans to start by fostering human resources working at its own stores to help foreigners acquire new status of residence, as well as those working at other companies.
"Peace and stability in the Middle East is an important part of the global economy and the global situation, a region that is vitally important for Japan, which relies on energy," Abe said.
Asahi Breweries in January this year launched its "Kyokujo" Kire-Aji Co., raising its sales target to 4 million cases from three million cases a year in April due to strong sales.
Tax revenue growth due to economic recovery alone cannot meet the spending increase, and it is necessary to use nontax revenue, such as retained earnings at the JETRO, the sources said.
In the job market for new graduates, the number of job offers far exceeded the number of job seekers.
The proportion of university graduate job offers fell 0.2 pct to 97.3 pct for men and 0.8 pct to 97.8 pct for women.
Business fixed investment was also down 0.3 pct as companies increasingly refrained from investing amid difficulties in the outlook for external demand.
The 1965 agreement stipulates that if the "dispute" between Japan and South Korea cannot be settled in bilateral talks, the settlement will be left to an arbitration committee comprising three members each appointed by the two countries and a third-party panel.
For exports to China, exports fell 6.3 pct to 1,232.9 billion yen, down for the second straight month, and exports of semiconductor production equipment fell sharply.
During serious accidents, at least 99 cases were caused by the misuse of stoves and other reasons, of which 92 occurred on stoves without cooking oil heating prevention devices or ceasefire safety devices.
By category, "transportation and postal" services rose 1.2 pct and "various services" such as civil engineering and construction services rose 1.1 pct.
The revised law also requires the vehicle to be equipped with a device to record the operational status of the vehicle and store the record in order to detect system glitches early and investigate the cause of the accident.
If the FCA joins the three companies' alliance, the integrated company will become the world's largest auto group with global sales of over 15 million units.
The company has so far been working on the introduction of solar power generation facilities at some of its plants at Gunma Plant and the introduction of electricity from renewable energy at Utsunomiya Plant, which manufactures the aircraft.
Insurance is applied to inspections using the system for some cancer patients, such as those who finish "standard treatment," whose effects are widely recognized, such as surgery and radiation treatment.
Shiseido will step up sales of its medium-priced products through a broad sales network with 15,000 outlets mainly in China and other parts of Asia.
With child abuse cases continuing, it has been pointed out that the disciplined power, which is recognized within the scope necessary for education and supervision of children, has been exploited to justify parental abuse of children.
Three of the five areas in the park will open in autumn 22 and the remaining two in about a year.
The Osaka prefectural police department kept the purchase prices of police officers and staff low by mass purchasing models with reduced functions.
The U.N. estimates that the global population of people aged 60 or older will reach 2 billion in 2050, or 20 pct of the total population.
The company will operate the entire line between Shin-Sugita and Kanazawa-Yakei at 10-minute intervals, with the number of services being 35 pct smaller than usual.
Local governments hoping to join the initiative will set up a forum with the state and private companies to draw up a plan that includes deregulatory measures needed to realize the idea and apply to the state after obtaining consent from local residents, according to the bill.
By contrast, the number of bankruptcies rose nine to 224, mainly in the restaurant industry, where labor shortages are serious, and the transport industry grew three to 24.
Nissin aims to partially replace petrochemical-derived plastic with plant-derived one and raise the proportion of renewable resources used for Cup Noodle containers to 81 pct from the previous 71 pct.
Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga told a press conference on Wednesday, "We plan to put sensors made by the Defense Ministry on advanced optical satellites that the Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency (JAXA) plans to launch in fiscal 2020 and conduct empirical research."
On the relationship between Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe's visit to Iran and the attack, Suga only said, "The visit was meaningful in terms of easing tensions in the region, as the Iranian side also highly appreciates it."
50.1 pct of respondents said they have asked people who think it is enough to make five days of paid leave mandatory to choose by multiple responses "because it is enough for the current holiday."
Of those who said they were single because they did not meet suitable people, 61.4 pct said they had "nothing particularly happened" to take action to look for the other person.
The measure included considering preferential treatment for the transfer procedures for technical intern trainees who will move to the new Specified Skilled No. 1 company if they work at the same company as before.
Exports of semiconductor and other production equipment fell 30.4 pct in response to falling demand from China, South Korea and other countries.
0000 suspects are suspected of providing a total of some 69 million yen to the customer side in July 2016 to cover losses incurred in foreign exchange margin trading for eight customers of the company in January this year.
0000 associate professor says, "By identifying and comparing birds offered to God in a religious ceremony and those drawn on earthenware used daily, the aim of Nazca's ground painting will become clear."
Empress Michiko arrived at the hospital around 1:30 a.m. at 10:30 a.m. on Sunday and left the hospital around 4:30 p.m.
The measures also include active use of online surveys in order to reduce administrative burdens and improve the survey response rate.
Early Friday morning, the Prince and Princess visited the University of Warsaw and the country's old city and the Old Royal Palace, respectively.
In a press document released by the Japanese government after the Russo-Japanese summit, the statement only said, "We welcome the two countries to continue negotiations vigorously, with the determination to accelerate peace treaty negotiations based on the 1956 Japan-Soviet joint declaration."
The smartphone was originally scheduled to go on sale in late May, but it was suspended because it could be affected by the U.S. government's sanctions on Huawei.
Users will first take images of their skin using a dedicated smartphone app to measure their sebum and moisture levels.
A special version of VoiceTra, which can support 15 languages including English, Chinese and Korean, was introduced by 376 of the country's 728 fire headquarters as of the end of Year 18.
Meanwhile, the domestic stock market showed sluggish recovery, with the GPIF losing 2,073.2 billion yen in investment in Japanese stocks, the first loss in three years.
According to the Japanese Foreign Ministry, people who entered Russia from Vladivostok and tried to leave the country to a third country continue to face fines for attempting to leave the country illegally.
At Self-Expression GS, employees will be allowed to refuel after checking whether customers are ready in their offices. ||If they can get the permission out of tablet computers, they will be allowed to leave their offices for other operations.
The system will be able to deal with office realignments and changes in the sales floor lay-out even after construction.
It has asked Internet connection operators to voluntarily block connections to pirated sites.
The metropolitan government will take disciplinary action against the officials concerned, as well as a claim for compensation to the officials.
Tokyo, July 18 (Jiji Press)--Japanese Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry sources said Thursday that the ministry plans to sell aircraft parts made by Japanese companies to the company for electric aircraft envisioned by U.S. aircraft giant Boeing.
The statement said, "Our government can discuss with the Japanese side reasonable measures to win the understanding of the citizens and victims of the two countries, including measures to resolve the issues that have already been presented."
On the rise in the average annual salary, the FSA said, "It appears to reflect a rush to raise pay and improve treatment" in order to secure personnel.
In the written opinion, South Korea insisted that it strictly administers export controls to prevent its use as conventional weapons, in addition to weapons of mass destruction in third countries.
The Japanese Defense Ministry said, "It has not been confirmed that ballistic missiles have flown into Japan's territory or exclusive economic zones...and it has not been confirmed at the moment that they will immediately affect Japan's security."
At a reporting meeting after the latest ruling, Plaintiff Chief Justice Toshimitsu Onaga criticized the ruling.
Suga said, "It is important for Japan and South Korea to firmly tie up on issues that need to be linked."
The business alliance will promote research and development with the aim of creating new areas of business by combining JTEKT's manufacturing technologies with AI-related deep planning and deep learning technologies through connecting room design.
Specifically, the proposal said that it is expected that unfounded claims will no longer be made by showing the Japanese side's claims to Chinese and South Korean researchers.
Production at the manufacturing industry is expected to rise 2.7 pct in July and 0.6 pct in August, the ministry said.
Kuroda signaled the possibility of the central bank in Europe and the United States taking a "preventive easing" step as it is stepping up its easing stance.
The WCPFC is made up of 26 member countries and regions, of which the Kitashoken is made up of 10.
A U.S. Department of State official called on both sides, Asian allies, to respond calmly, saying, "We need to be thoughtful so that tensions do not hurt economic and security ties between Japan and South Korea."
North Korea launched short-range ballistic missiles on July 25 and also launched flight-like bodies into the Sea of Japan on Wednesday and Friday.
The Japan Cultural Affairs Agency has adopted a grant of some 78 million yen in subsidies for the international art festival, including a special exhibition, but it has not received such a grant.
In the reporting month, the ministry returned the method to a total survey for large companies in the Tokyo metropolitan government that were subject to the extraction survey for the first time in about 15 and a half years.
"This cross embodies the cruelty of war and the hardships it poses," the 0000 head said.
In a separate scene of his meeting with Abe, Esper criticized China, which is increasing its influence beyond the Asian region, as "causing regional instability...military action, predatory economic action threatens international rules."
The investigation report on the falsification issue said that the Kinki Finance Bureau strongly opposed the order for falsification by the ministry's Science and Business Bureau.
At least 20 of the 28 cases of infection surveyed were acquired via wild boar, according to the ministry.
The aircraft using Haneda previously flew over Tokyo Bay, but the new route also passes over central Tokyo, including Shibuya, Shinjuku and Shinagawa.
The number of bankruptcies increased in nine of the 10 industries surveyed.
The survey, slated for fiscal 2020, will include a wide range of items related to children, including diet and learning proficiency, as well as involvement with local communities, in addition to the child poverty rate, officials said.
The move came as the ministry aims to create an attractive space in the city, along with compact urban development in which houses, commercial facilities and other facilities are gathered in the center to respond to the country's declining population.
In a letter sent to U.S. President Donald Trump, North Korean Chairman Kim Jong Un expressed his intention to "make a slight apology" for the short-range missile launch and stop the launch after the U.S.-South Korean military exercise ends on Tuesday.
"Opposition parties other than Ishin should respond to discussions at the Constitutional Review Board, which was set up to discuss the revised items," Baba continued.
"It is our mission to live in the current era to revise the constitution in line with the times," he said.
This time, a popular "Tapioca milk tea" restaurant from Taiwan entered Japan, sparking its popularity, industry sources said.
In recent years, Germany has placed importance on relations with Japan as a partner sharing values, following the rise of China and worsening relations with U.S. President Donald Trump.
Tokyo, Aug. 21 (Jiji Press)--Japan's Ministry of Land, Infrastructure, Transport and Tourism said Wednesday it will allocate 24 of the 50 flights a day for the additional slots for international flights at Haneda Airport, which will increase from March 2020, for Japan-U.S. routes.
The Aso area is popular among South Koreans who enjoy golf, and the number of golf customers usually increases in winter.
Specifically, the service will make it possible to check the behavior of elderly people in the room with the smartphone of a caregiver and improve the efficiency of safety checks at night and other measures.
Unofficial sites may appear as ads higher in Internet search results, and consumers may misunderstand them as official sites to access them, according to the center.
Tokyo, Aug. 28 (Jiji Press)--Japan's Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare said Wednesday that at 17 of the 44 institutions, the number of employees with disabilities was below the required level as of June 1 this year.
Sudan, whose African Union AU qualification has been suspended, has only been allowed to attend related meetings, with 53 African countries taking part in the plenary meeting of the international conference.
The proportion of all shares in Recruit HD held by companies other than individual investors and institutional investors exceeded 30 pct as of the end of June.
The president unveiled Japan's plan to increase its budget for such areas by more than double from the current level in order to strengthen competitiveness in such areas as materials and parts, for which Japan has strengthened its export control.
But according to the survey as of June last year, only 116 of the country's 728 fire headquarters have introduced the use of drones and 72 have actually used them.
In order to avoid data mistransmission, users will be asked to upload the data to a dedicated system instead of sending it to the court by e-mail, the sources said.
The insurance business law prohibits policyholders from telling them important matters such as insurance premiums and compensation details or allowing them to switch contracts without telling them facts that would be disadvantageous.
In 2018, Toyota produced some 129,000 units at the plant, accounting for 8.5 pct of all vehicles it will produce in Britain this year.
"I came to buy a TV to put it in the living room last minute before the tax hike," said a company employee in the city of Osaka who came with his family.
As for the impact of the latest move on the Japanese economy and the global economy, Suga said, "I will refrain from giving a prejudgment answer."
MaaS Global currently operates services in Finland, Belgium and Britain, aiming to also provide services in Japan.
Five of the seven component indicators improved on the back of solid automobile-related shipments and production.
The agency said, "If you develop bad physical conditions, such as diarrhea, after the use of ketogenne for health food, refrain from using it and consult with the nearby medical institution."
A bill to increase out-of-pocket medical expenses under the health insurance system for elderly people to 20 pct from the current 10 pct has emerged, and the government is considering raising out-of-pocket payments for users of nursing care services.
The Pope has taken a stance against the death penalty system, and his remarks on the Japanese capital punishment system are attracting attention.
The average price rose 19.5 pct to 64.05 million yen, fueled by the rise in sales of relatively expensive condominiums in the densely populated Tokyo 23 wards, including Tokyo Komura Condominium Co.
The U.S. administration decided last year to strengthen its screening of foreign investors due to a sense of caution over China, which is rapidly emerging in the information technology and other fields. ||European countries are also stepping up regulations related to foreign investment.
In August this year, the Japanese government added 20 industries, including integrated circuits, mobile phones and software, for industries subject to mandatory prior notification for foreign investment.
0000 said, "Our stores are mainly in consultation operations," showing a negative view on store cuts.
In Chiba Prefecture, a total of six people suffered severe symptoms requiring hospitalization for three weeks or longer, 201 people needed short-term hospitalization and 289 people suffered minor symptoms.
In the logistics industry, Yamato Holdings has already set up more than 4,000 delivery boxes, and Japan Post has also set up more than 300 delivery boxes.
The bereaved families started signing activities on the streets and blogs to prosecute and punish the 0000 suspects, saying that severe punishments for perpetrators will lead to prevention of a recurrence.
The current starting salary is 133,500 yen per month for SDF candidates with fixed terms and 169,900 yen for general cadets who are in principle full-time, both lower than the 171,200 yen set for police officers employed by the central government agency.
Meanwhile, the number of "targeted e-mail attacks" that send virus-laden e-mails to steal important information such as companies rose 4.2 pct to 2,687 in the first half of this year.
The ministry released its export and import results in the previous month as preliminary reports in mid-month and then released detailed export results for each product name and other items in addition.
But 0000 said, "Many people who shop every day at major supermarkets have no idea whether to go to small and midsize supermarkets."
There was no overclaim for passengers who used commuter passes or paid in cash.
In the policy, the government will also work to strengthen the production base for the target products, support companies promoting overseas operations and strengthen the competitiveness of domestic industries.
Abe told relevant government officials to make all-out efforts to gather and analyze information on the missile launch, such as providing information to the public quickly and accurately and ensuring the safety of aircraft, ships and other items.
The consumer confidence index fell 1.9 pct in September, the biggest drop since February 2016, due to sluggish stock prices.
